Variation ID	Chromosome	Position	Variant	Strand	Symbol	Gene	Transcript	Predicted Function	CDNA Position	CDS Position	AA Position	AA Change	Detail	Splice Distance	Proteins
chr7:11766724:T/A:1	chr7	11766724	T|A	1	THSD7A	ENSG00000005108	ENST00000423059	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	65033	None
chr7:11766724:T/A:1	chr7	11766724	T|A	1	THSD7A	ENSG00000005108	ENST00000617773	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	65033	None
chr7:117297583:G/A:1	chr7	117297583	G|A	1	WNT2	ENSG00000105989	ENST00000265441	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	29	None
chr7:117297583:G/A:1	chr7	117297583	G|A	1	WNT2	ENSG00000105989	ENST00000449446	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	29	None
chr7:117297583:G/A:1	chr7	117297583	G|A	1	WNT2	ENSG00000105989	ENST00000647844	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	29	None
chr7:117297583:G/A:1	chr7	117297583	G|A	1	WNT2	ENSG00000105989	ENST00000491214	3downstream	None	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr7:117590459:T/A:1	chr7	117590459	T|A	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000648260	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	12367	None
chr7:117590459:T/A:1	chr7	117590459	T|A	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000647720	5upstream	None	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr7:117590459:T/A:1	chr7	117590459	T|A	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000003084	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	20	None
chr7:117590459:T/A:1	chr7	117590459	T|A	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000426809	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	20	None
chr7:117590459:T/A:1	chr7	117590459	T|A	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000647978	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	20	None
chr7:117590459:T/A:1	chr7	117590459	T|A	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000649406	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	20	None
chr7:117590459:T/A:1	chr7	117590459	T|A	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000649781	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	20	None
chr7:117592323:TA/T:1	chr7	117592324	A|-	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000648260	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	10502	None
chr7:117592323:TA/T:1	chr7	117592324	A|-	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000647720	5upstream	None	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr7:117592323:TA/T:1	chr7	117592324	A|-	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000003084	coding	2289	2157	719	L>F	frameshift:stop-gain	None	MQRSPLEKASVVSKLFFSWTRPILRKGYRQRLELSDIYQIPSVDSADNLSEKLEREWDRELASKKNPKLINALRRCFFWRFMFYGIFLYLGEVTKAVQPLLLGRIIASYDPDNKEERSIAIYLGIGLCLLFIVRTLLLHPAIFGLHHIGMQMRIAMFSLIYKKTLKLSSRVLDKISIGQLVSLLSNNLNKFDEGLALAHFVWIAPLQVALLMGLIWELLQASAFCGLGFLIVLALFQAGLGRMMMKYRDQRAGKISERLVITSEMIENIQSVKAYCWEEAMEKMIENLRQTELKLTRKAAYVRYFNSSAFFFSGFFVVFLSVLPYALIKGIILRKIFTTISFCIVLRMAVTRQFPWAVQTWYDSLGAINKIQDFLQKQEYKTLEYNLTTTEVVMENVTAFWEEGFGELFEKAKQNNNNRKTSNGDDSLFFSNFSLLGTPVLKDINFKIERGQLLAVAGSTGAGKTSLLMVIMGELEPSEGKIKHSGRISFCSQFSWIMPGTIKENIIFGVSYDEYRYRSVIKACQLEEDISKFAEKDNIVLGEGGITLSGGQRARISLARAVYKDADLYLLDSPFGYLDVLTEKEIFESCVCKLMANKTRILVTSKMEHLKKADKILILHEGSSYFYGTFSELQNLQPDFSSKLMGCDSFDQFSAERRNSILTETLHRFSLEGDAPVSWTETKKQSFKQTGEFGEKRKNSILNPINSIRKFSIVQKTPLQMNGIEEDSDEPLERRLSLVPDSEQGEAILPRISVISTGPTLQARRRQSVLNLMTHSVNQGQNIHRKTTASTRKVSLAPQANLTELDIYSRRLSQETGLEISEEINEEDLKECFFDDMESIPAVTTWNTYLRYITVHKSLIFVLIWCLVIFLAEVAASLVVLWLLGNTPLQDKGNSTHSRNNSYAVIITSTSSYYVFYIYVGVADTLLAMGFFRGLPLVHTLITVSKILHHKMLHSVLQAPMSTLNTLKAGGILNRFSKDIAILDDLLPLTIFDFIQLLLIVIGAIAVVAVLQPYIFVATVPVIVAFIMLRAYFLQTSQQLKQLESEGRSPIFTHLVTSLKGLWTLRAFGRQPYFETLFHKALNLHTANWFLYLSTLRWFQMRIEMIFVIFFIAVTFISILTTGEGEGRVGIILTLAMNIMSTLQWAVNSSIDVDSLMRSVSRVFKFIDMPTEGKPTKSTKPYKNGQLSKVMIIENSHVKKDDIWPSGGQMTVKDLTAKYTEGGNAILENISFSISPGQRVGLLGRTGSGKSTLLSAFLRLLNTEGEIQIDGVSWDSITLQQWRKAFGVIPQKVFIFSGTFRKNLDPYEQWSDQEIWKVADEVGLRSVIEQFPGKLDFVLVDGGCVLSHGHKQLMCLARSVLSKAKILLLDEPSAHLDPVTYQIIRRTLKQAFADCTVILCEHRIEAMLECQQFLVIEENKVRQYDSIQKLLNERSLFRQAISPSDRVKLFPHRNSSKCKSKPQIAALKEETEEEVQDTRL*|MQRSPLEKASVVSKLFFSWTRPILRKGYRQRLELSDIYQIPSVDSADNLSEKLEREWDRELASKKNPKLINALRRCFFWRFMFYGIFLYLGEVTKAVQPLLLGRIIASYDPDNKEERSIAIYLGIGLCLLFIVRTLLLHPAIFGLHHIGMQMRIAMFSLIYKKTLKLSSRVLDKISIGQLVSLLSNNLNKFDEGLALAHFVWIAPLQVALLMGLIWELLQASAFCGLGFLIVLALFQAGLGRMMMKYRDQRAGKISERLVITSEMIENIQSVKAYCWEEAMEKMIENLRQTELKLTRKAAYVRYFNSSAFFFSGFFVVFLSVLPYALIKGIILRKIFTTISFCIVLRMAVTRQFPWAVQTWYDSLGAINKIQDFLQKQEYKTLEYNLTTTEVVMENVTAFWEEGFGELFEKAKQNNNNRKTSNGDDSLFFSNFSLLGTPVLKDINFKIERGQLLAVAGSTGAGKTSLLMVIMGELEPSEGKIKHSGRISFCSQFSWIMPGTIKENIIFGVSYDEYRYRSVIKACQLEEDISKFAEKDNIVLGEGGITLSGGQRARISLARAVYKDADLYLLDSPFGYLDVLTEKEIFESCVCKLMANKTRILVTSKMEHLKKADKILILHEGSSYFYGTFSELQNLQPDFSSKLMGCDSFDQFSAERRNSILTETLHRFSLEGDAPVSWTETKKQSFKQTGEFGEKRKNSILNPINSIRKFSIVQKTPFK*
chr7:117592323:TA/T:1	chr7	117592324	A|-	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000426809	coding	2067	2067	689	L>F	*frameshift:stop-gain	None	MQRSPLEKASVVSKLFFSWTRPILRKGYRQRLELSDIYQIPSVDSADNLSEKLEREWDRELASKKNPKLINALRRCFFWRFMFYGIFLYLGEVTKAVQPLLLGRIIASYDPDNKEERSIAIYLGIGLCLLFIVRTLLLHPAIFGLHHIGMQMRIAMFSLIYKKGLALAHFVWIAPLQVALLMGLIWELLQASAFCGLGFLIVLALFQAGLGRMMMKYRDQRAGKISERLVITSEMIENIQSVKAYCWEEAMEKMIENLRQTELKLTRKAAYVRYFNSSAFFFSGFFVVFLSVLPYALIKGIILRKIFTTISFCIVLRMAVTRQFPWAVQTWYDSLGAINKIQDFLQKQEYKTLEYNLTTTEVVMENVTAFWEEGFGELFEKAKQNNNNRKTSNGDDSLFFSNFSLLGTPVLKDINFKIERGQLLAVAGSTGAGKTSLLMVIMGELEPSEGKIKHSGRISFCSQFSWIMPGTIKENIIFGVSYDEYRYRSVIKACQLEEDISKFAEKDNIVLGEGGITLSGGQRARISLARAVYKDADLYLLDSPFGYLDVLTEKEIFESCVCKLMANKTRILVTSKMEHLKKADKILILHEGSSYFYGTFSELQNLQPDFSSKLMGCDSFDQFSAERRNSILTETLHRFSLEGDAPVSWTETKKQSFKQTGEFGEKRKNSILNPINSIRKFSIVQKTPLQMNGIEEDSDEPLERRLSLVPDSEQGEAILPRISVISTGPTLQARRRQSVLNLMTHSVNQGQNIHRKTTASTRKVSLAPQANLTELDIYSRRLSQETGLEISEEINEEDLKECFFDDMESIPAVTTWNTYLRYITVHKSLIFVLIWCLVIFLAEVAASLVVLWLLGNTPLQDKGNSTHSRNNSYAVIITSTSSYYVFYIYVGVADTLLAMGFFRGLPLVHTLITVSKILHHKMLHSVLQAPMSTLNTLKAGGILNRFSKDIAILDDLLPLTIFDFIQLLLIVIGAIAVVAVLQPYIFVATVPVIVAFIMLRAYFLQTSQQLKQLESEGRSPIFTHLVTSLKGLWTLRAFGRQPYFETLFHKALNLHTANWFLYLSTLRWFQMRIEMIFVIFFIAVTFISILTTGEGEGRVGIILTLAMNIMSTLQWAVNSSIDVDSLMRSVSRVFKFIDMPTEGKPTKSTKPYKNGQLSKVMIIENSHVKKDDIWPSGGQMTVKDLTAKYTEGGNAILENISFSISPGQRVGLLGRTGSGKSTLLSAFLRLLNTEGEIQIDGVSWDSITLQQWRKAFGVIPQKVFIFSGTFRKNLDPYEQWSDQEIWKVADEVGLRSVIEQFPGKLDFVLVDGGCVLSHGHKQLMCLARSVLSKAKILLLDEPSAHLDPVTYQIIRRTLKQAFADCTVILCEHRIEAMLECQQFLVIEENKVRQYDSIQKLLNERSLFRQAISPSDRVKLFPHRNSSKCKSKPQIAALK|MQRSPLEKASVVSKLFFSWTRPILRKGYRQRLELSDIYQIPSVDSADNLSEKLEREWDRELASKKNPKLINALRRCFFWRFMFYGIFLYLGEVTKAVQPLLLGRIIASYDPDNKEERSIAIYLGIGLCLLFIVRTLLLHPAIFGLHHIGMQMRIAMFSLIYKKGLALAHFVWIAPLQVALLMGLIWELLQASAFCGLGFLIVLALFQAGLGRMMMKYRDQRAGKISERLVITSEMIENIQSVKAYCWEEAMEKMIENLRQTELKLTRKAAYVRYFNSSAFFFSGFFVVFLSVLPYALIKGIILRKIFTTISFCIVLRMAVTRQFPWAVQTWYDSLGAINKIQDFLQKQEYKTLEYNLTTTEVVMENVTAFWEEGFGELFEKAKQNNNNRKTSNGDDSLFFSNFSLLGTPVLKDINFKIERGQLLAVAGSTGAGKTSLLMVIMGELEPSEGKIKHSGRISFCSQFSWIMPGTIKENIIFGVSYDEYRYRSVIKACQLEEDISKFAEKDNIVLGEGGITLSGGQRARISLARAVYKDADLYLLDSPFGYLDVLTEKEIFESCVCKLMANKTRILVTSKMEHLKKADKILILHEGSSYFYGTFSELQNLQPDFSSKLMGCDSFDQFSAERRNSILTETLHRFSLEGDAPVSWTETKKQSFKQTGEFGEKRKNSILNPINSIRKFSIVQKTPFK*
chr7:117592323:TA/T:1	chr7	117592324	A|-	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000647978	3utr	2132	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr7:117592323:TA/T:1	chr7	117592324	A|-	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000649406	coding	2058	1974	658	L>F	frameshift:stop-gain	None	MQRSPLEKASVVSKLFFSWTRPILRKGYRQRLELSDIYQIPSVDSADNLSEKLEREWDRELASKKNPKLINALRRCFFWRFMFYGIFLYLGEVTKAVQPLLLGRIIASYDPDNKEERSIAIYLGIGLCLLFIVRTLLLHPAIFGLHHIGMQMRIAMFSLIYKKTLKLSSRVLDKISIGQLVSLLSNNLNKFDEGLALAHFVWIAPLQVALLMGLIWELLQASAFCGLGFLIVLALFQAGLGRMMMKYRDQRAGKISERLVITSEMIENIQSVKAYCWEEAMEKMIENLRQTELKLTRKAAYVRYFNSSAFFFSGFFVVFLSVLPYALIKGIILRKIFTTISFCIVLRMAVTRQFPWAVQTWYDSLGAINKIQDFLQKQEYKTLEYNLTTTEVVMENVTAFWEETSLLMVIMGELEPSEGKIKHSGRISFCSQFSWIMPGTIKENIIFGVSYDEYRYRSVIKACQLEEDISKFAEKDNIVLGEGGITLSGGQRARISLARAVYKDADLYLLDSPFGYLDVLTEKEIFESCVCKLMANKTRILVTSKMEHLKKADKILILHEGSSYFYGTFSELQNLQPDFSSKLMGCDSFDQFSAERRNSILTETLHRFSLEGDAPVSWTETKKQSFKQTGEFGEKRKNSILNPINSIRKFSIVQKTPLQMNGIEEDSDEPLERRLSLVPDSEQGEAILPRISVISTGPTLQARRRQSVLNLMTHSVNQGQNIHRKTTASTRKVSLAPQANLTELDIYSRRLSQETGLEISEEINEEDLKECFFDDMESIPAVTTWNTYLRYITVHKSLIFVLIWCLVIFLAEVAASLVVLWLLGNTPLQDKGNSTHSRNNSYAVIITSTSSYYVFYIYVGVADTLLAMGFFRGLPLVHTLITVSKILHHKMLHSVLQAPMSTLNTLKAGGILNRFSKDIAILDDLLPLTIFDFIQLLLIVIGAIAVVAVLQPYIFVATVPVIVAFIMLRAYFLQTSQQLKQLESEGRSPIFTHLVTSLKGLWTLRAFGRQPYFETLFHKALNLHTANWFLYLSTLRWFQMRIEMIFVIFFIAVTFISILTTGEGEGRVGIILTLAMNIMSTLQWAVNSSIDVDSLMRSVSRVFKFIDMPTEGKPTKSTKPYKNGQLSKVMIIENSHVKKDDIWPSGGQMTVKDLTAKYTEGGNAILENISFSISPGQRVRFEHCLLC*|MQRSPLEKASVVSKLFFSWTRPILRKGYRQRLELSDIYQIPSVDSADNLSEKLEREWDRELASKKNPKLINALRRCFFWRFMFYGIFLYLGEVTKAVQPLLLGRIIASYDPDNKEERSIAIYLGIGLCLLFIVRTLLLHPAIFGLHHIGMQMRIAMFSLIYKKTLKLSSRVLDKISIGQLVSLLSNNLNKFDEGLALAHFVWIAPLQVALLMGLIWELLQASAFCGLGFLIVLALFQAGLGRMMMKYRDQRAGKISERLVITSEMIENIQSVKAYCWEEAMEKMIENLRQTELKLTRKAAYVRYFNSSAFFFSGFFVVFLSVLPYALIKGIILRKIFTTISFCIVLRMAVTRQFPWAVQTWYDSLGAINKIQDFLQKQEYKTLEYNLTTTEVVMENVTAFWEETSLLMVIMGELEPSEGKIKHSGRISFCSQFSWIMPGTIKENIIFGVSYDEYRYRSVIKACQLEEDISKFAEKDNIVLGEGGITLSGGQRARISLARAVYKDADLYLLDSPFGYLDVLTEKEIFESCVCKLMANKTRILVTSKMEHLKKADKILILHEGSSYFYGTFSELQNLQPDFSSKLMGCDSFDQFSAERRNSILTETLHRFSLEGDAPVSWTETKKQSFKQTGEFGEKRKNSILNPINSIRKFSIVQKTPFK*
chr7:117592323:TA/T:1	chr7	117592324	A|-	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000649781	coding	1974	1974	658	L>F	frameshift:stop-gain	None	MQRSPLEKASVVSKLFFSWTRPILRKGYRQRLELSDIYQIPSVDSADNLSEKLEREWDRELASKKNPKLINALRRCFFWRFMFYGIFLYLGEVTKAVQPLLLGRIIASYDPDNKEERSIAIYLGIGLCLLFIVRTLLLHPAIFGLHHIGMQMRIAMFSLIYKKTLKLSSRVLDKISIGQLVSLLSNNLNKFDEGLALAHFVWIAPLQVALLMGLIWELLQASAFCGLGFLIVLALFQAGLGRMMMKYRDQRAGKISERLVITSEMIENIQSVKAYCWEEAMEKMIENLRQTELKLTRKAAYVRYFNSSAFFFSGFFVVFLSVLPYALIKGIILRKIFTTISFCIVLRMAVTRQFPWAVQTWYDSLGAINKIQDFLQKQEYKTLEYNLTTTEVVMENVTAFWEETSLLMVIMGELEPSEGKIKHSGRISFCSQFSWIMPGTIKENIIFGVSYDEYRYRSVIKACQLEEDISKFAEKDNIVLGEGGITLSGGQRARISLARAVYKDADLYLLDSPFGYLDVLTEKEIFESCVCKLMANKTRILVTSKMEHLKKADKILILHEGSSYFYGTFSELQNLQPDFSSKLMGCDSFDQFSAERRNSILTETLHRFSLEGDAPVSWTETKKQSFKQTGEFGEKRKNSILNPINSIRKFSIVQKTPLQMNGIEEDSDEPLERRLSLVPDSEQGEAILPRISVISTGPTLQARRRQSVLNLMTHSVNQGQNIHRKTTASTRKVSLAPQANLTELDIYSRRLSQETGLEISEEINEEDLKECFFDDMESIPAVTTWNTYLRYITVHKSLIFVLIWCLVIFLAEVAASLVVLWLLGNTPLQDKGNSTHSRNNSYAVIITSTSSYYVFYIYVGVADTLLAMGFFRGLPLVHTLITVSKILHHKMLHSVLQAPMSTLNTLKAGGILNRFSKDIAILDDLLPLTIFDFIQLLLIVIGAIAVVAVLQPYIFVATVPVIVAFIMLRAYFLQTSQQLKQLESEGRSPIFTHLVTSLKGLWTLRAFGRQPYFETLFHKALNLHTANWFLYLSTLRWFQMRIEMIFVIFFIAVTFISILTTGEGEGRVGIILTLAMNIMSTLQWAVNSSIDVDSLMRSVSRVFKFIDMPTEGKPTKSTKPYKNGQLSKVMIIENSHVKKDDIWPSGGQMTVKDLTAKYTEGGNAILENISFSISPGQRVGLLGRTGSGKSTLLSAFLRLLNTEGEIQIDGVSWDSITLQQWRKAFGVIPQKVFIFSGTFRKNLDPYEQWSDQEIWKVADEVGLRSVIEQFPGKLDFVLVDGGCVLSHGHKQLMCLARSVLSKAKILLLDEPSAHLDPVTYQIIRRTLKQAFADCTVILCEHRIEAMLECQQFLVIEENKVRQYDSIQKLLNERSLFRQAISPSDRVKLFPHRNSSKCKSKPQIAALKEETEEEVQDTRL*|MQRSPLEKASVVSKLFFSWTRPILRKGYRQRLELSDIYQIPSVDSADNLSEKLEREWDRELASKKNPKLINALRRCFFWRFMFYGIFLYLGEVTKAVQPLLLGRIIASYDPDNKEERSIAIYLGIGLCLLFIVRTLLLHPAIFGLHHIGMQMRIAMFSLIYKKTLKLSSRVLDKISIGQLVSLLSNNLNKFDEGLALAHFVWIAPLQVALLMGLIWELLQASAFCGLGFLIVLALFQAGLGRMMMKYRDQRAGKISERLVITSEMIENIQSVKAYCWEEAMEKMIENLRQTELKLTRKAAYVRYFNSSAFFFSGFFVVFLSVLPYALIKGIILRKIFTTISFCIVLRMAVTRQFPWAVQTWYDSLGAINKIQDFLQKQEYKTLEYNLTTTEVVMENVTAFWEETSLLMVIMGELEPSEGKIKHSGRISFCSQFSWIMPGTIKENIIFGVSYDEYRYRSVIKACQLEEDISKFAEKDNIVLGEGGITLSGGQRARISLARAVYKDADLYLLDSPFGYLDVLTEKEIFESCVCKLMANKTRILVTSKMEHLKKADKILILHEGSSYFYGTFSELQNLQPDFSSKLMGCDSFDQFSAERRNSILTETLHRFSLEGDAPVSWTETKKQSFKQTGEFGEKRKNSILNPINSIRKFSIVQKTPFK*
chr7:117592487:A/T:1	chr7	117592487	A|T	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000648260	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	10339	None
chr7:117592487:A/T:1	chr7	117592487	A|T	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000647720	5upstream	None	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr7:117592487:A/T:1	chr7	117592487	A|T	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000003084	coding	2452	2320	774	T>S	nonsyn	None	MQRSPLEKASVVSKLFFSWTRPILRKGYRQRLELSDIYQIPSVDSADNLSEKLEREWDRELASKKNPKLINALRRCFFWRFMFYGIFLYLGEVTKAVQPLLLGRIIASYDPDNKEERSIAIYLGIGLCLLFIVRTLLLHPAIFGLHHIGMQMRIAMFSLIYKKTLKLSSRVLDKISIGQLVSLLSNNLNKFDEGLALAHFVWIAPLQVALLMGLIWELLQASAFCGLGFLIVLALFQAGLGRMMMKYRDQRAGKISERLVITSEMIENIQSVKAYCWEEAMEKMIENLRQTELKLTRKAAYVRYFNSSAFFFSGFFVVFLSVLPYALIKGIILRKIFTTISFCIVLRMAVTRQFPWAVQTWYDSLGAINKIQDFLQKQEYKTLEYNLTTTEVVMENVTAFWEEGFGELFEKAKQNNNNRKTSNGDDSLFFSNFSLLGTPVLKDINFKIERGQLLAVAGSTGAGKTSLLMVIMGELEPSEGKIKHSGRISFCSQFSWIMPGTIKENIIFGVSYDEYRYRSVIKACQLEEDISKFAEKDNIVLGEGGITLSGGQRARISLARAVYKDADLYLLDSPFGYLDVLTEKEIFESCVCKLMANKTRILVTSKMEHLKKADKILILHEGSSYFYGTFSELQNLQPDFSSKLMGCDSFDQFSAERRNSILTETLHRFSLEGDAPVSWTETKKQSFKQTGEFGEKRKNSILNPINSIRKFSIVQKTPLQMNGIEEDSDEPLERRLSLVPDSEQGEAILPRISVISTGPTLQARRRQSVLNLMTHSVNQGQNIHRKTTASTRKVSLAPQANLTELDIYSRRLSQETGLEISEEINEEDLKECFFDDMESIPAVTTWNTYLRYITVHKSLIFVLIWCLVIFLAEVAASLVVLWLLGNTPLQDKGNSTHSRNNSYAVIITSTSSYYVFYIYVGVADTLLAMGFFRGLPLVHTLITVSKILHHKMLHSVLQAPMSTLNTLKAGGILNRFSKDIAILDDLLPLTIFDFIQLLLIVIGAIAVVAVLQPYIFVATVPVIVAFIMLRAYFLQTSQQLKQLESEGRSPIFTHLVTSLKGLWTLRAFGRQPYFETLFHKALNLHTANWFLYLSTLRWFQMRIEMIFVIFFIAVTFISILTTGEGEGRVGIILTLAMNIMSTLQWAVNSSIDVDSLMRSVSRVFKFIDMPTEGKPTKSTKPYKNGQLSKVMIIENSHVKKDDIWPSGGQMTVKDLTAKYTEGGNAILENISFSISPGQRVGLLGRTGSGKSTLLSAFLRLLNTEGEIQIDGVSWDSITLQQWRKAFGVIPQKVFIFSGTFRKNLDPYEQWSDQEIWKVADEVGLRSVIEQFPGKLDFVLVDGGCVLSHGHKQLMCLARSVLSKAKILLLDEPSAHLDPVTYQIIRRTLKQAFADCTVILCEHRIEAMLECQQFLVIEENKVRQYDSIQKLLNERSLFRQAISPSDRVKLFPHRNSSKCKSKPQIAALKEETEEEVQDTRL*|MQRSPLEKASVVSKLFFSWTRPILRKGYRQRLELSDIYQIPSVDSADNLSEKLEREWDRELASKKNPKLINALRRCFFWRFMFYGIFLYLGEVTKAVQPLLLGRIIASYDPDNKEERSIAIYLGIGLCLLFIVRTLLLHPAIFGLHHIGMQMRIAMFSLIYKKTLKLSSRVLDKISIGQLVSLLSNNLNKFDEGLALAHFVWIAPLQVALLMGLIWELLQASAFCGLGFLIVLALFQAGLGRMMMKYRDQRAGKISERLVITSEMIENIQSVKAYCWEEAMEKMIENLRQTELKLTRKAAYVRYFNSSAFFFSGFFVVFLSVLPYALIKGIILRKIFTTISFCIVLRMAVTRQFPWAVQTWYDSLGAINKIQDFLQKQEYKTLEYNLTTTEVVMENVTAFWEEGFGELFEKAKQNNNNRKTSNGDDSLFFSNFSLLGTPVLKDINFKIERGQLLAVAGSTGAGKTSLLMVIMGELEPSEGKIKHSGRISFCSQFSWIMPGTIKENIIFGVSYDEYRYRSVIKACQLEEDISKFAEKDNIVLGEGGITLSGGQRARISLARAVYKDADLYLLDSPFGYLDVLTEKEIFESCVCKLMANKTRILVTSKMEHLKKADKILILHEGSSYFYGTFSELQNLQPDFSSKLMGCDSFDQFSAERRNSILTETLHRFSLEGDAPVSWTETKKQSFKQTGEFGEKRKNSILNPINSIRKFSIVQKTPLQMNGIEEDSDEPLERRLSLVPDSEQGEAILPRISVISTGPTLQARRRQSVLNLMSHSVNQGQNIHRKTTASTRKVSLAPQANLTELDIYSRRLSQETGLEISEEINEEDLKECFFDDMESIPAVTTWNTYLRYITVHKSLIFVLIWCLVIFLAEVAASLVVLWLLGNTPLQDKGNSTHSRNNSYAVIITSTSSYYVFYIYVGVADTLLAMGFFRGLPLVHTLITVSKILHHKMLHSVLQAPMSTLNTLKAGGILNRFSKDIAILDDLLPLTIFDFIQLLLIVIGAIAVVAVLQPYIFVATVPVIVAFIMLRAYFLQTSQQLKQLESEGRSPIFTHLVTSLKGLWTLRAFGRQPYFETLFHKALNLHTANWFLYLSTLRWFQMRIEMIFVIFFIAVTFISILTTGEGEGRVGIILTLAMNIMSTLQWAVNSSIDVDSLMRSVSRVFKFIDMPTEGKPTKSTKPYKNGQLSKVMIIENSHVKKDDIWPSGGQMTVKDLTAKYTEGGNAILENISFSISPGQRVGLLGRTGSGKSTLLSAFLRLLNTEGEIQIDGVSWDSITLQQWRKAFGVIPQKVFIFSGTFRKNLDPYEQWSDQEIWKVADEVGLRSVIEQFPGKLDFVLVDGGCVLSHGHKQLMCLARSVLSKAKILLLDEPSAHLDPVTYQIIRRTLKQAFADCTVILCEHRIEAMLECQQFLVIEENKVRQYDSIQKLLNERSLFRQAISPSDRVKLFPHRNSSKCKSKPQIAALKEETEEEVQDTRL*
chr7:117592487:A/T:1	chr7	117592487	A|T	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000426809	coding	2230	2230	744	T>S	*nonsyn	None	MQRSPLEKASVVSKLFFSWTRPILRKGYRQRLELSDIYQIPSVDSADNLSEKLEREWDRELASKKNPKLINALRRCFFWRFMFYGIFLYLGEVTKAVQPLLLGRIIASYDPDNKEERSIAIYLGIGLCLLFIVRTLLLHPAIFGLHHIGMQMRIAMFSLIYKKGLALAHFVWIAPLQVALLMGLIWELLQASAFCGLGFLIVLALFQAGLGRMMMKYRDQRAGKISERLVITSEMIENIQSVKAYCWEEAMEKMIENLRQTELKLTRKAAYVRYFNSSAFFFSGFFVVFLSVLPYALIKGIILRKIFTTISFCIVLRMAVTRQFPWAVQTWYDSLGAINKIQDFLQKQEYKTLEYNLTTTEVVMENVTAFWEEGFGELFEKAKQNNNNRKTSNGDDSLFFSNFSLLGTPVLKDINFKIERGQLLAVAGSTGAGKTSLLMVIMGELEPSEGKIKHSGRISFCSQFSWIMPGTIKENIIFGVSYDEYRYRSVIKACQLEEDISKFAEKDNIVLGEGGITLSGGQRARISLARAVYKDADLYLLDSPFGYLDVLTEKEIFESCVCKLMANKTRILVTSKMEHLKKADKILILHEGSSYFYGTFSELQNLQPDFSSKLMGCDSFDQFSAERRNSILTETLHRFSLEGDAPVSWTETKKQSFKQTGEFGEKRKNSILNPINSIRKFSIVQKTPLQMNGIEEDSDEPLERRLSLVPDSEQGEAILPRISVISTGPTLQARRRQSVLNLMTHSVNQGQNIHRKTTASTRKVSLAPQANLTELDIYSRRLSQETGLEISEEINEEDLKECFFDDMESIPAVTTWNTYLRYITVHKSLIFVLIWCLVIFLAEVAASLVVLWLLGNTPLQDKGNSTHSRNNSYAVIITSTSSYYVFYIYVGVADTLLAMGFFRGLPLVHTLITVSKILHHKMLHSVLQAPMSTLNTLKAGGILNRFSKDIAILDDLLPLTIFDFIQLLLIVIGAIAVVAVLQPYIFVATVPVIVAFIMLRAYFLQTSQQLKQLESEGRSPIFTHLVTSLKGLWTLRAFGRQPYFETLFHKALNLHTANWFLYLSTLRWFQMRIEMIFVIFFIAVTFISILTTGEGEGRVGIILTLAMNIMSTLQWAVNSSIDVDSLMRSVSRVFKFIDMPTEGKPTKSTKPYKNGQLSKVMIIENSHVKKDDIWPSGGQMTVKDLTAKYTEGGNAILENISFSISPGQRVGLLGRTGSGKSTLLSAFLRLLNTEGEIQIDGVSWDSITLQQWRKAFGVIPQKVFIFSGTFRKNLDPYEQWSDQEIWKVADEVGLRSVIEQFPGKLDFVLVDGGCVLSHGHKQLMCLARSVLSKAKILLLDEPSAHLDPVTYQIIRRTLKQAFADCTVILCEHRIEAMLECQQFLVIEENKVRQYDSIQKLLNERSLFRQAISPSDRVKLFPHRNSSKCKSKPQIAALK|MQRSPLEKASVVSKLFFSWTRPILRKGYRQRLELSDIYQIPSVDSADNLSEKLEREWDRELASKKNPKLINALRRCFFWRFMFYGIFLYLGEVTKAVQPLLLGRIIASYDPDNKEERSIAIYLGIGLCLLFIVRTLLLHPAIFGLHHIGMQMRIAMFSLIYKKGLALAHFVWIAPLQVALLMGLIWELLQASAFCGLGFLIVLALFQAGLGRMMMKYRDQRAGKISERLVITSEMIENIQSVKAYCWEEAMEKMIENLRQTELKLTRKAAYVRYFNSSAFFFSGFFVVFLSVLPYALIKGIILRKIFTTISFCIVLRMAVTRQFPWAVQTWYDSLGAINKIQDFLQKQEYKTLEYNLTTTEVVMENVTAFWEEGFGELFEKAKQNNNNRKTSNGDDSLFFSNFSLLGTPVLKDINFKIERGQLLAVAGSTGAGKTSLLMVIMGELEPSEGKIKHSGRISFCSQFSWIMPGTIKENIIFGVSYDEYRYRSVIKACQLEEDISKFAEKDNIVLGEGGITLSGGQRARISLARAVYKDADLYLLDSPFGYLDVLTEKEIFESCVCKLMANKTRILVTSKMEHLKKADKILILHEGSSYFYGTFSELQNLQPDFSSKLMGCDSFDQFSAERRNSILTETLHRFSLEGDAPVSWTETKKQSFKQTGEFGEKRKNSILNPINSIRKFSIVQKTPLQMNGIEEDSDEPLERRLSLVPDSEQGEAILPRISVISTGPTLQARRRQSVLNLMSHSVNQGQNIHRKTTASTRKVSLAPQANLTELDIYSRRLSQETGLEISEEINEEDLKECFFDDMESIPAVTTWNTYLRYITVHKSLIFVLIWCLVIFLAEVAASLVVLWLLGNTPLQDKGNSTHSRNNSYAVIITSTSSYYVFYIYVGVADTLLAMGFFRGLPLVHTLITVSKILHHKMLHSVLQAPMSTLNTLKAGGILNRFSKDIAILDDLLPLTIFDFIQLLLIVIGAIAVVAVLQPYIFVATVPVIVAFIMLRAYFLQTSQQLKQLESEGRSPIFTHLVTSLKGLWTLRAFGRQPYFETLFHKALNLHTANWFLYLSTLRWFQMRIEMIFVIFFIAVTFISILTTGEGEGRVGIILTLAMNIMSTLQWAVNSSIDVDSLMRSVSRVFKFIDMPTEGKPTKSTKPYKNGQLSKVMIIENSHVKKDDIWPSGGQMTVKDLTAKYTEGGNAILENISFSISPGQRVGLLGRTGSGKSTLLSAFLRLLNTEGEIQIDGVSWDSITLQQWRKAFGVIPQKVFIFSGTFRKNLDPYEQWSDQEIWKVADEVGLRSVIEQFPGKLDFVLVDGGCVLSHGHKQLMCLARSVLSKAKILLLDEPSAHLDPVTYQIIRRTLKQAFADCTVILCEHRIEAMLECQQFLVIEENKVRQYDSIQKLLNERSLFRQAISPSDRVKLFPHRNSSKCKSKPQIAALK
chr7:117592487:A/T:1	chr7	117592487	A|T	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000647978	3utr	2295	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr7:117592487:A/T:1	chr7	117592487	A|T	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000649406	coding	2221	2137	713	T>S	nonsyn	None	MQRSPLEKASVVSKLFFSWTRPILRKGYRQRLELSDIYQIPSVDSADNLSEKLEREWDRELASKKNPKLINALRRCFFWRFMFYGIFLYLGEVTKAVQPLLLGRIIASYDPDNKEERSIAIYLGIGLCLLFIVRTLLLHPAIFGLHHIGMQMRIAMFSLIYKKTLKLSSRVLDKISIGQLVSLLSNNLNKFDEGLALAHFVWIAPLQVALLMGLIWELLQASAFCGLGFLIVLALFQAGLGRMMMKYRDQRAGKISERLVITSEMIENIQSVKAYCWEEAMEKMIENLRQTELKLTRKAAYVRYFNSSAFFFSGFFVVFLSVLPYALIKGIILRKIFTTISFCIVLRMAVTRQFPWAVQTWYDSLGAINKIQDFLQKQEYKTLEYNLTTTEVVMENVTAFWEETSLLMVIMGELEPSEGKIKHSGRISFCSQFSWIMPGTIKENIIFGVSYDEYRYRSVIKACQLEEDISKFAEKDNIVLGEGGITLSGGQRARISLARAVYKDADLYLLDSPFGYLDVLTEKEIFESCVCKLMANKTRILVTSKMEHLKKADKILILHEGSSYFYGTFSELQNLQPDFSSKLMGCDSFDQFSAERRNSILTETLHRFSLEGDAPVSWTETKKQSFKQTGEFGEKRKNSILNPINSIRKFSIVQKTPLQMNGIEEDSDEPLERRLSLVPDSEQGEAILPRISVISTGPTLQARRRQSVLNLMTHSVNQGQNIHRKTTASTRKVSLAPQANLTELDIYSRRLSQETGLEISEEINEEDLKECFFDDMESIPAVTTWNTYLRYITVHKSLIFVLIWCLVIFLAEVAASLVVLWLLGNTPLQDKGNSTHSRNNSYAVIITSTSSYYVFYIYVGVADTLLAMGFFRGLPLVHTLITVSKILHHKMLHSVLQAPMSTLNTLKAGGILNRFSKDIAILDDLLPLTIFDFIQLLLIVIGAIAVVAVLQPYIFVATVPVIVAFIMLRAYFLQTSQQLKQLESEGRSPIFTHLVTSLKGLWTLRAFGRQPYFETLFHKALNLHTANWFLYLSTLRWFQMRIEMIFVIFFIAVTFISILTTGEGEGRVGIILTLAMNIMSTLQWAVNSSIDVDSLMRSVSRVFKFIDMPTEGKPTKSTKPYKNGQLSKVMIIENSHVKKDDIWPSGGQMTVKDLTAKYTEGGNAILENISFSISPGQRVRFEHCLLC*|MQRSPLEKASVVSKLFFSWTRPILRKGYRQRLELSDIYQIPSVDSADNLSEKLEREWDRELASKKNPKLINALRRCFFWRFMFYGIFLYLGEVTKAVQPLLLGRIIASYDPDNKEERSIAIYLGIGLCLLFIVRTLLLHPAIFGLHHIGMQMRIAMFSLIYKKTLKLSSRVLDKISIGQLVSLLSNNLNKFDEGLALAHFVWIAPLQVALLMGLIWELLQASAFCGLGFLIVLALFQAGLGRMMMKYRDQRAGKISERLVITSEMIENIQSVKAYCWEEAMEKMIENLRQTELKLTRKAAYVRYFNSSAFFFSGFFVVFLSVLPYALIKGIILRKIFTTISFCIVLRMAVTRQFPWAVQTWYDSLGAINKIQDFLQKQEYKTLEYNLTTTEVVMENVTAFWEETSLLMVIMGELEPSEGKIKHSGRISFCSQFSWIMPGTIKENIIFGVSYDEYRYRSVIKACQLEEDISKFAEKDNIVLGEGGITLSGGQRARISLARAVYKDADLYLLDSPFGYLDVLTEKEIFESCVCKLMANKTRILVTSKMEHLKKADKILILHEGSSYFYGTFSELQNLQPDFSSKLMGCDSFDQFSAERRNSILTETLHRFSLEGDAPVSWTETKKQSFKQTGEFGEKRKNSILNPINSIRKFSIVQKTPLQMNGIEEDSDEPLERRLSLVPDSEQGEAILPRISVISTGPTLQARRRQSVLNLMSHSVNQGQNIHRKTTASTRKVSLAPQANLTELDIYSRRLSQETGLEISEEINEEDLKECFFDDMESIPAVTTWNTYLRYITVHKSLIFVLIWCLVIFLAEVAASLVVLWLLGNTPLQDKGNSTHSRNNSYAVIITSTSSYYVFYIYVGVADTLLAMGFFRGLPLVHTLITVSKILHHKMLHSVLQAPMSTLNTLKAGGILNRFSKDIAILDDLLPLTIFDFIQLLLIVIGAIAVVAVLQPYIFVATVPVIVAFIMLRAYFLQTSQQLKQLESEGRSPIFTHLVTSLKGLWTLRAFGRQPYFETLFHKALNLHTANWFLYLSTLRWFQMRIEMIFVIFFIAVTFISILTTGEGEGRVGIILTLAMNIMSTLQWAVNSSIDVDSLMRSVSRVFKFIDMPTEGKPTKSTKPYKNGQLSKVMIIENSHVKKDDIWPSGGQMTVKDLTAKYTEGGNAILENISFSISPGQRVRFEHCLLC*
chr7:117592487:A/T:1	chr7	117592487	A|T	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000649781	coding	2137	2137	713	T>S	nonsyn	None	MQRSPLEKASVVSKLFFSWTRPILRKGYRQRLELSDIYQIPSVDSADNLSEKLEREWDRELASKKNPKLINALRRCFFWRFMFYGIFLYLGEVTKAVQPLLLGRIIASYDPDNKEERSIAIYLGIGLCLLFIVRTLLLHPAIFGLHHIGMQMRIAMFSLIYKKTLKLSSRVLDKISIGQLVSLLSNNLNKFDEGLALAHFVWIAPLQVALLMGLIWELLQASAFCGLGFLIVLALFQAGLGRMMMKYRDQRAGKISERLVITSEMIENIQSVKAYCWEEAMEKMIENLRQTELKLTRKAAYVRYFNSSAFFFSGFFVVFLSVLPYALIKGIILRKIFTTISFCIVLRMAVTRQFPWAVQTWYDSLGAINKIQDFLQKQEYKTLEYNLTTTEVVMENVTAFWEETSLLMVIMGELEPSEGKIKHSGRISFCSQFSWIMPGTIKENIIFGVSYDEYRYRSVIKACQLEEDISKFAEKDNIVLGEGGITLSGGQRARISLARAVYKDADLYLLDSPFGYLDVLTEKEIFESCVCKLMANKTRILVTSKMEHLKKADKILILHEGSSYFYGTFSELQNLQPDFSSKLMGCDSFDQFSAERRNSILTETLHRFSLEGDAPVSWTETKKQSFKQTGEFGEKRKNSILNPINSIRKFSIVQKTPLQMNGIEEDSDEPLERRLSLVPDSEQGEAILPRISVISTGPTLQARRRQSVLNLMTHSVNQGQNIHRKTTASTRKVSLAPQANLTELDIYSRRLSQETGLEISEEINEEDLKECFFDDMESIPAVTTWNTYLRYITVHKSLIFVLIWCLVIFLAEVAASLVVLWLLGNTPLQDKGNSTHSRNNSYAVIITSTSSYYVFYIYVGVADTLLAMGFFRGLPLVHTLITVSKILHHKMLHSVLQAPMSTLNTLKAGGILNRFSKDIAILDDLLPLTIFDFIQLLLIVIGAIAVVAVLQPYIFVATVPVIVAFIMLRAYFLQTSQQLKQLESEGRSPIFTHLVTSLKGLWTLRAFGRQPYFETLFHKALNLHTANWFLYLSTLRWFQMRIEMIFVIFFIAVTFISILTTGEGEGRVGIILTLAMNIMSTLQWAVNSSIDVDSLMRSVSRVFKFIDMPTEGKPTKSTKPYKNGQLSKVMIIENSHVKKDDIWPSGGQMTVKDLTAKYTEGGNAILENISFSISPGQRVGLLGRTGSGKSTLLSAFLRLLNTEGEIQIDGVSWDSITLQQWRKAFGVIPQKVFIFSGTFRKNLDPYEQWSDQEIWKVADEVGLRSVIEQFPGKLDFVLVDGGCVLSHGHKQLMCLARSVLSKAKILLLDEPSAHLDPVTYQIIRRTLKQAFADCTVILCEHRIEAMLECQQFLVIEENKVRQYDSIQKLLNERSLFRQAISPSDRVKLFPHRNSSKCKSKPQIAALKEETEEEVQDTRL*|MQRSPLEKASVVSKLFFSWTRPILRKGYRQRLELSDIYQIPSVDSADNLSEKLEREWDRELASKKNPKLINALRRCFFWRFMFYGIFLYLGEVTKAVQPLLLGRIIASYDPDNKEERSIAIYLGIGLCLLFIVRTLLLHPAIFGLHHIGMQMRIAMFSLIYKKTLKLSSRVLDKISIGQLVSLLSNNLNKFDEGLALAHFVWIAPLQVALLMGLIWELLQASAFCGLGFLIVLALFQAGLGRMMMKYRDQRAGKISERLVITSEMIENIQSVKAYCWEEAMEKMIENLRQTELKLTRKAAYVRYFNSSAFFFSGFFVVFLSVLPYALIKGIILRKIFTTISFCIVLRMAVTRQFPWAVQTWYDSLGAINKIQDFLQKQEYKTLEYNLTTTEVVMENVTAFWEETSLLMVIMGELEPSEGKIKHSGRISFCSQFSWIMPGTIKENIIFGVSYDEYRYRSVIKACQLEEDISKFAEKDNIVLGEGGITLSGGQRARISLARAVYKDADLYLLDSPFGYLDVLTEKEIFESCVCKLMANKTRILVTSKMEHLKKADKILILHEGSSYFYGTFSELQNLQPDFSSKLMGCDSFDQFSAERRNSILTETLHRFSLEGDAPVSWTETKKQSFKQTGEFGEKRKNSILNPINSIRKFSIVQKTPLQMNGIEEDSDEPLERRLSLVPDSEQGEAILPRISVISTGPTLQARRRQSVLNLMSHSVNQGQNIHRKTTASTRKVSLAPQANLTELDIYSRRLSQETGLEISEEINEEDLKECFFDDMESIPAVTTWNTYLRYITVHKSLIFVLIWCLVIFLAEVAASLVVLWLLGNTPLQDKGNSTHSRNNSYAVIITSTSSYYVFYIYVGVADTLLAMGFFRGLPLVHTLITVSKILHHKMLHSVLQAPMSTLNTLKAGGILNRFSKDIAILDDLLPLTIFDFIQLLLIVIGAIAVVAVLQPYIFVATVPVIVAFIMLRAYFLQTSQQLKQLESEGRSPIFTHLVTSLKGLWTLRAFGRQPYFETLFHKALNLHTANWFLYLSTLRWFQMRIEMIFVIFFIAVTFISILTTGEGEGRVGIILTLAMNIMSTLQWAVNSSIDVDSLMRSVSRVFKFIDMPTEGKPTKSTKPYKNGQLSKVMIIENSHVKKDDIWPSGGQMTVKDLTAKYTEGGNAILENISFSISPGQRVGLLGRTGSGKSTLLSAFLRLLNTEGEIQIDGVSWDSITLQQWRKAFGVIPQKVFIFSGTFRKNLDPYEQWSDQEIWKVADEVGLRSVIEQFPGKLDFVLVDGGCVLSHGHKQLMCLARSVLSKAKILLLDEPSAHLDPVTYQIIRRTLKQAFADCTVILCEHRIEAMLECQQFLVIEENKVRQYDSIQKLLNERSLFRQAISPSDRVKLFPHRNSSKCKSKPQIAALKEETEEEVQDTRL*
chr7:117592542:GA/G:1	chr7	117592543	A|-	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000648260	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	10283	None
chr7:117592542:GA/G:1	chr7	117592543	A|-	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000003084	coding	2508	2376	792	R>R	frameshift:stop-gain	None	MQRSPLEKASVVSKLFFSWTRPILRKGYRQRLELSDIYQIPSVDSADNLSEKLEREWDRELASKKNPKLINALRRCFFWRFMFYGIFLYLGEVTKAVQPLLLGRIIASYDPDNKEERSIAIYLGIGLCLLFIVRTLLLHPAIFGLHHIGMQMRIAMFSLIYKKTLKLSSRVLDKISIGQLVSLLSNNLNKFDEGLALAHFVWIAPLQVALLMGLIWELLQASAFCGLGFLIVLALFQAGLGRMMMKYRDQRAGKISERLVITSEMIENIQSVKAYCWEEAMEKMIENLRQTELKLTRKAAYVRYFNSSAFFFSGFFVVFLSVLPYALIKGIILRKIFTTISFCIVLRMAVTRQFPWAVQTWYDSLGAINKIQDFLQKQEYKTLEYNLTTTEVVMENVTAFWEEGFGELFEKAKQNNNNRKTSNGDDSLFFSNFSLLGTPVLKDINFKIERGQLLAVAGSTGAGKTSLLMVIMGELEPSEGKIKHSGRISFCSQFSWIMPGTIKENIIFGVSYDEYRYRSVIKACQLEEDISKFAEKDNIVLGEGGITLSGGQRARISLARAVYKDADLYLLDSPFGYLDVLTEKEIFESCVCKLMANKTRILVTSKMEHLKKADKILILHEGSSYFYGTFSELQNLQPDFSSKLMGCDSFDQFSAERRNSILTETLHRFSLEGDAPVSWTETKKQSFKQTGEFGEKRKNSILNPINSIRKFSIVQKTPLQMNGIEEDSDEPLERRLSLVPDSEQGEAILPRISVISTGPTLQARRRQSVLNLMTHSVNQGQNIHRKTTASTRKVSLAPQANLTELDIYSRRLSQETGLEISEEINEEDLKECFFDDMESIPAVTTWNTYLRYITVHKSLIFVLIWCLVIFLAEVAASLVVLWLLGNTPLQDKGNSTHSRNNSYAVIITSTSSYYVFYIYVGVADTLLAMGFFRGLPLVHTLITVSKILHHKMLHSVLQAPMSTLNTLKAGGILNRFSKDIAILDDLLPLTIFDFIQLLLIVIGAIAVVAVLQPYIFVATVPVIVAFIMLRAYFLQTSQQLKQLESEGRSPIFTHLVTSLKGLWTLRAFGRQPYFETLFHKALNLHTANWFLYLSTLRWFQMRIEMIFVIFFIAVTFISILTTGEGEGRVGIILTLAMNIMSTLQWAVNSSIDVDSLMRSVSRVFKFIDMPTEGKPTKSTKPYKNGQLSKVMIIENSHVKKDDIWPSGGQMTVKDLTAKYTEGGNAILENISFSISPGQRVGLLGRTGSGKSTLLSAFLRLLNTEGEIQIDGVSWDSITLQQWRKAFGVIPQKVFIFSGTFRKNLDPYEQWSDQEIWKVADEVGLRSVIEQFPGKLDFVLVDGGCVLSHGHKQLMCLARSVLSKAKILLLDEPSAHLDPVTYQIIRRTLKQAFADCTVILCEHRIEAMLECQQFLVIEENKVRQYDSIQKLLNERSLFRQAISPSDRVKLFPHRNSSKCKSKPQIAALKEETEEEVQDTRL*|MQRSPLEKASVVSKLFFSWTRPILRKGYRQRLELSDIYQIPSVDSADNLSEKLEREWDRELASKKNPKLINALRRCFFWRFMFYGIFLYLGEVTKAVQPLLLGRIIASYDPDNKEERSIAIYLGIGLCLLFIVRTLLLHPAIFGLHHIGMQMRIAMFSLIYKKTLKLSSRVLDKISIGQLVSLLSNNLNKFDEGLALAHFVWIAPLQVALLMGLIWELLQASAFCGLGFLIVLALFQAGLGRMMMKYRDQRAGKISERLVITSEMIENIQSVKAYCWEEAMEKMIENLRQTELKLTRKAAYVRYFNSSAFFFSGFFVVFLSVLPYALIKGIILRKIFTTISFCIVLRMAVTRQFPWAVQTWYDSLGAINKIQDFLQKQEYKTLEYNLTTTEVVMENVTAFWEEGFGELFEKAKQNNNNRKTSNGDDSLFFSNFSLLGTPVLKDINFKIERGQLLAVAGSTGAGKTSLLMVIMGELEPSEGKIKHSGRISFCSQFSWIMPGTIKENIIFGVSYDEYRYRSVIKACQLEEDISKFAEKDNIVLGEGGITLSGGQRARISLARAVYKDADLYLLDSPFGYLDVLTEKEIFESCVCKLMANKTRILVTSKMEHLKKADKILILHEGSSYFYGTFSELQNLQPDFSSKLMGCDSFDQFSAERRNSILTETLHRFSLEGDAPVSWTETKKQSFKQTGEFGEKRKNSILNPINSIRKFSIVQKTPLQMNGIEEDSDEPLERRLSLVPDSEQGEAILPRISVISTGPTLQARRRQSVLNLMTHSVNQGQNIHRKTTASTRKCHWPLRQT*
chr7:117592542:GA/G:1	chr7	117592543	A|-	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000426809	coding	2286	2286	762	R>R	*frameshift:stop-gain	None	MQRSPLEKASVVSKLFFSWTRPILRKGYRQRLELSDIYQIPSVDSADNLSEKLEREWDRELASKKNPKLINALRRCFFWRFMFYGIFLYLGEVTKAVQPLLLGRIIASYDPDNKEERSIAIYLGIGLCLLFIVRTLLLHPAIFGLHHIGMQMRIAMFSLIYKKGLALAHFVWIAPLQVALLMGLIWELLQASAFCGLGFLIVLALFQAGLGRMMMKYRDQRAGKISERLVITSEMIENIQSVKAYCWEEAMEKMIENLRQTELKLTRKAAYVRYFNSSAFFFSGFFVVFLSVLPYALIKGIILRKIFTTISFCIVLRMAVTRQFPWAVQTWYDSLGAINKIQDFLQKQEYKTLEYNLTTTEVVMENVTAFWEEGFGELFEKAKQNNNNRKTSNGDDSLFFSNFSLLGTPVLKDINFKIERGQLLAVAGSTGAGKTSLLMVIMGELEPSEGKIKHSGRISFCSQFSWIMPGTIKENIIFGVSYDEYRYRSVIKACQLEEDISKFAEKDNIVLGEGGITLSGGQRARISLARAVYKDADLYLLDSPFGYLDVLTEKEIFESCVCKLMANKTRILVTSKMEHLKKADKILILHEGSSYFYGTFSELQNLQPDFSSKLMGCDSFDQFSAERRNSILTETLHRFSLEGDAPVSWTETKKQSFKQTGEFGEKRKNSILNPINSIRKFSIVQKTPLQMNGIEEDSDEPLERRLSLVPDSEQGEAILPRISVISTGPTLQARRRQSVLNLMTHSVNQGQNIHRKTTASTRKVSLAPQANLTELDIYSRRLSQETGLEISEEINEEDLKECFFDDMESIPAVTTWNTYLRYITVHKSLIFVLIWCLVIFLAEVAASLVVLWLLGNTPLQDKGNSTHSRNNSYAVIITSTSSYYVFYIYVGVADTLLAMGFFRGLPLVHTLITVSKILHHKMLHSVLQAPMSTLNTLKAGGILNRFSKDIAILDDLLPLTIFDFIQLLLIVIGAIAVVAVLQPYIFVATVPVIVAFIMLRAYFLQTSQQLKQLESEGRSPIFTHLVTSLKGLWTLRAFGRQPYFETLFHKALNLHTANWFLYLSTLRWFQMRIEMIFVIFFIAVTFISILTTGEGEGRVGIILTLAMNIMSTLQWAVNSSIDVDSLMRSVSRVFKFIDMPTEGKPTKSTKPYKNGQLSKVMIIENSHVKKDDIWPSGGQMTVKDLTAKYTEGGNAILENISFSISPGQRVGLLGRTGSGKSTLLSAFLRLLNTEGEIQIDGVSWDSITLQQWRKAFGVIPQKVFIFSGTFRKNLDPYEQWSDQEIWKVADEVGLRSVIEQFPGKLDFVLVDGGCVLSHGHKQLMCLARSVLSKAKILLLDEPSAHLDPVTYQIIRRTLKQAFADCTVILCEHRIEAMLECQQFLVIEENKVRQYDSIQKLLNERSLFRQAISPSDRVKLFPHRNSSKCKSKPQIAALK|MQRSPLEKASVVSKLFFSWTRPILRKGYRQRLELSDIYQIPSVDSADNLSEKLEREWDRELASKKNPKLINALRRCFFWRFMFYGIFLYLGEVTKAVQPLLLGRIIASYDPDNKEERSIAIYLGIGLCLLFIVRTLLLHPAIFGLHHIGMQMRIAMFSLIYKKGLALAHFVWIAPLQVALLMGLIWELLQASAFCGLGFLIVLALFQAGLGRMMMKYRDQRAGKISERLVITSEMIENIQSVKAYCWEEAMEKMIENLRQTELKLTRKAAYVRYFNSSAFFFSGFFVVFLSVLPYALIKGIILRKIFTTISFCIVLRMAVTRQFPWAVQTWYDSLGAINKIQDFLQKQEYKTLEYNLTTTEVVMENVTAFWEEGFGELFEKAKQNNNNRKTSNGDDSLFFSNFSLLGTPVLKDINFKIERGQLLAVAGSTGAGKTSLLMVIMGELEPSEGKIKHSGRISFCSQFSWIMPGTIKENIIFGVSYDEYRYRSVIKACQLEEDISKFAEKDNIVLGEGGITLSGGQRARISLARAVYKDADLYLLDSPFGYLDVLTEKEIFESCVCKLMANKTRILVTSKMEHLKKADKILILHEGSSYFYGTFSELQNLQPDFSSKLMGCDSFDQFSAERRNSILTETLHRFSLEGDAPVSWTETKKQSFKQTGEFGEKRKNSILNPINSIRKFSIVQKTPLQMNGIEEDSDEPLERRLSLVPDSEQGEAILPRISVISTGPTLQARRRQSVLNLMTHSVNQGQNIHRKTTASTRKCHWPLRQT*
chr7:117592542:GA/G:1	chr7	117592543	A|-	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000647978	3utr	2351	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr7:117592542:GA/G:1	chr7	117592543	A|-	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000649406	coding	2277	2193	731	R>R	frameshift:stop-gain	None	MQRSPLEKASVVSKLFFSWTRPILRKGYRQRLELSDIYQIPSVDSADNLSEKLEREWDRELASKKNPKLINALRRCFFWRFMFYGIFLYLGEVTKAVQPLLLGRIIASYDPDNKEERSIAIYLGIGLCLLFIVRTLLLHPAIFGLHHIGMQMRIAMFSLIYKKTLKLSSRVLDKISIGQLVSLLSNNLNKFDEGLALAHFVWIAPLQVALLMGLIWELLQASAFCGLGFLIVLALFQAGLGRMMMKYRDQRAGKISERLVITSEMIENIQSVKAYCWEEAMEKMIENLRQTELKLTRKAAYVRYFNSSAFFFSGFFVVFLSVLPYALIKGIILRKIFTTISFCIVLRMAVTRQFPWAVQTWYDSLGAINKIQDFLQKQEYKTLEYNLTTTEVVMENVTAFWEETSLLMVIMGELEPSEGKIKHSGRISFCSQFSWIMPGTIKENIIFGVSYDEYRYRSVIKACQLEEDISKFAEKDNIVLGEGGITLSGGQRARISLARAVYKDADLYLLDSPFGYLDVLTEKEIFESCVCKLMANKTRILVTSKMEHLKKADKILILHEGSSYFYGTFSELQNLQPDFSSKLMGCDSFDQFSAERRNSILTETLHRFSLEGDAPVSWTETKKQSFKQTGEFGEKRKNSILNPINSIRKFSIVQKTPLQMNGIEEDSDEPLERRLSLVPDSEQGEAILPRISVISTGPTLQARRRQSVLNLMTHSVNQGQNIHRKTTASTRKVSLAPQANLTELDIYSRRLSQETGLEISEEINEEDLKECFFDDMESIPAVTTWNTYLRYITVHKSLIFVLIWCLVIFLAEVAASLVVLWLLGNTPLQDKGNSTHSRNNSYAVIITSTSSYYVFYIYVGVADTLLAMGFFRGLPLVHTLITVSKILHHKMLHSVLQAPMSTLNTLKAGGILNRFSKDIAILDDLLPLTIFDFIQLLLIVIGAIAVVAVLQPYIFVATVPVIVAFIMLRAYFLQTSQQLKQLESEGRSPIFTHLVTSLKGLWTLRAFGRQPYFETLFHKALNLHTANWFLYLSTLRWFQMRIEMIFVIFFIAVTFISILTTGEGEGRVGIILTLAMNIMSTLQWAVNSSIDVDSLMRSVSRVFKFIDMPTEGKPTKSTKPYKNGQLSKVMIIENSHVKKDDIWPSGGQMTVKDLTAKYTEGGNAILENISFSISPGQRVRFEHCLLC*|MQRSPLEKASVVSKLFFSWTRPILRKGYRQRLELSDIYQIPSVDSADNLSEKLEREWDRELASKKNPKLINALRRCFFWRFMFYGIFLYLGEVTKAVQPLLLGRIIASYDPDNKEERSIAIYLGIGLCLLFIVRTLLLHPAIFGLHHIGMQMRIAMFSLIYKKTLKLSSRVLDKISIGQLVSLLSNNLNKFDEGLALAHFVWIAPLQVALLMGLIWELLQASAFCGLGFLIVLALFQAGLGRMMMKYRDQRAGKISERLVITSEMIENIQSVKAYCWEEAMEKMIENLRQTELKLTRKAAYVRYFNSSAFFFSGFFVVFLSVLPYALIKGIILRKIFTTISFCIVLRMAVTRQFPWAVQTWYDSLGAINKIQDFLQKQEYKTLEYNLTTTEVVMENVTAFWEETSLLMVIMGELEPSEGKIKHSGRISFCSQFSWIMPGTIKENIIFGVSYDEYRYRSVIKACQLEEDISKFAEKDNIVLGEGGITLSGGQRARISLARAVYKDADLYLLDSPFGYLDVLTEKEIFESCVCKLMANKTRILVTSKMEHLKKADKILILHEGSSYFYGTFSELQNLQPDFSSKLMGCDSFDQFSAERRNSILTETLHRFSLEGDAPVSWTETKKQSFKQTGEFGEKRKNSILNPINSIRKFSIVQKTPLQMNGIEEDSDEPLERRLSLVPDSEQGEAILPRISVISTGPTLQARRRQSVLNLMTHSVNQGQNIHRKTTASTRKCHWPLRQT*
chr7:117592542:GA/G:1	chr7	117592543	A|-	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000649781	coding	2193	2193	731	R>R	frameshift:stop-gain	None	MQRSPLEKASVVSKLFFSWTRPILRKGYRQRLELSDIYQIPSVDSADNLSEKLEREWDRELASKKNPKLINALRRCFFWRFMFYGIFLYLGEVTKAVQPLLLGRIIASYDPDNKEERSIAIYLGIGLCLLFIVRTLLLHPAIFGLHHIGMQMRIAMFSLIYKKTLKLSSRVLDKISIGQLVSLLSNNLNKFDEGLALAHFVWIAPLQVALLMGLIWELLQASAFCGLGFLIVLALFQAGLGRMMMKYRDQRAGKISERLVITSEMIENIQSVKAYCWEEAMEKMIENLRQTELKLTRKAAYVRYFNSSAFFFSGFFVVFLSVLPYALIKGIILRKIFTTISFCIVLRMAVTRQFPWAVQTWYDSLGAINKIQDFLQKQEYKTLEYNLTTTEVVMENVTAFWEETSLLMVIMGELEPSEGKIKHSGRISFCSQFSWIMPGTIKENIIFGVSYDEYRYRSVIKACQLEEDISKFAEKDNIVLGEGGITLSGGQRARISLARAVYKDADLYLLDSPFGYLDVLTEKEIFESCVCKLMANKTRILVTSKMEHLKKADKILILHEGSSYFYGTFSELQNLQPDFSSKLMGCDSFDQFSAERRNSILTETLHRFSLEGDAPVSWTETKKQSFKQTGEFGEKRKNSILNPINSIRKFSIVQKTPLQMNGIEEDSDEPLERRLSLVPDSEQGEAILPRISVISTGPTLQARRRQSVLNLMTHSVNQGQNIHRKTTASTRKVSLAPQANLTELDIYSRRLSQETGLEISEEINEEDLKECFFDDMESIPAVTTWNTYLRYITVHKSLIFVLIWCLVIFLAEVAASLVVLWLLGNTPLQDKGNSTHSRNNSYAVIITSTSSYYVFYIYVGVADTLLAMGFFRGLPLVHTLITVSKILHHKMLHSVLQAPMSTLNTLKAGGILNRFSKDIAILDDLLPLTIFDFIQLLLIVIGAIAVVAVLQPYIFVATVPVIVAFIMLRAYFLQTSQQLKQLESEGRSPIFTHLVTSLKGLWTLRAFGRQPYFETLFHKALNLHTANWFLYLSTLRWFQMRIEMIFVIFFIAVTFISILTTGEGEGRVGIILTLAMNIMSTLQWAVNSSIDVDSLMRSVSRVFKFIDMPTEGKPTKSTKPYKNGQLSKVMIIENSHVKKDDIWPSGGQMTVKDLTAKYTEGGNAILENISFSISPGQRVGLLGRTGSGKSTLLSAFLRLLNTEGEIQIDGVSWDSITLQQWRKAFGVIPQKVFIFSGTFRKNLDPYEQWSDQEIWKVADEVGLRSVIEQFPGKLDFVLVDGGCVLSHGHKQLMCLARSVLSKAKILLLDEPSAHLDPVTYQIIRRTLKQAFADCTVILCEHRIEAMLECQQFLVIEENKVRQYDSIQKLLNERSLFRQAISPSDRVKLFPHRNSSKCKSKPQIAALKEETEEEVQDTRL*|MQRSPLEKASVVSKLFFSWTRPILRKGYRQRLELSDIYQIPSVDSADNLSEKLEREWDRELASKKNPKLINALRRCFFWRFMFYGIFLYLGEVTKAVQPLLLGRIIASYDPDNKEERSIAIYLGIGLCLLFIVRTLLLHPAIFGLHHIGMQMRIAMFSLIYKKTLKLSSRVLDKISIGQLVSLLSNNLNKFDEGLALAHFVWIAPLQVALLMGLIWELLQASAFCGLGFLIVLALFQAGLGRMMMKYRDQRAGKISERLVITSEMIENIQSVKAYCWEEAMEKMIENLRQTELKLTRKAAYVRYFNSSAFFFSGFFVVFLSVLPYALIKGIILRKIFTTISFCIVLRMAVTRQFPWAVQTWYDSLGAINKIQDFLQKQEYKTLEYNLTTTEVVMENVTAFWEETSLLMVIMGELEPSEGKIKHSGRISFCSQFSWIMPGTIKENIIFGVSYDEYRYRSVIKACQLEEDISKFAEKDNIVLGEGGITLSGGQRARISLARAVYKDADLYLLDSPFGYLDVLTEKEIFESCVCKLMANKTRILVTSKMEHLKKADKILILHEGSSYFYGTFSELQNLQPDFSSKLMGCDSFDQFSAERRNSILTETLHRFSLEGDAPVSWTETKKQSFKQTGEFGEKRKNSILNPINSIRKFSIVQKTPLQMNGIEEDSDEPLERRLSLVPDSEQGEAILPRISVISTGPTLQARRRQSVLNLMTHSVNQGQNIHRKTTASTRKCHWPLRQT*
chr7:117592542:GA/G:1	chr7	117592543	A|-	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000647720	coding	26	27	9	R>R	frameshift:stop-gain	None	XRKTTASTRKVSLAPQANLTELDIYSRRLSQETGLEISEEINEEDLKECFFDDMESIPAVTTWNTYLRYITVHKSLIFVLIWCLVIFLAEVAASLVVLWLLGNTPLQDKGNSTHSRNNSYAVIITSTSSYYVFYIYVGVADTLLAMGFFRGLPLVHTLITVSKILHHKMLHSVLQAPMSTLNTLKAGGILNRFSKDIAILDDLLPLTIFDFIQLLLIVIGAIAVVAVLQPYIFVATVPVIVAFIMLRAYFLQTSQQLKQLESEGRSPIFTHLVTSLKGLWTLRAFGRQPYFETLFHKALNLHTANWFLYLSTLRWFQMRIEMIFVIFFIAVTFISILTTGEGEGRVGIILTLAMNIMSTLQWAVNSSIDVDSLMRSVSRVFKFIDMPTEGGPLGKNWIREEYFVISFFETTEH*|XRKTTASTRKCHWPLRQT*
chr7:117592601:T/A:1	chr7	117592601	T|A	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000648260	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	10225	None
chr7:117592601:T/A:1	chr7	117592601	T|A	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000003084	coding	2566	2434	812	L>I	nonsyn	None	MQRSPLEKASVVSKLFFSWTRPILRKGYRQRLELSDIYQIPSVDSADNLSEKLEREWDRELASKKNPKLINALRRCFFWRFMFYGIFLYLGEVTKAVQPLLLGRIIASYDPDNKEERSIAIYLGIGLCLLFIVRTLLLHPAIFGLHHIGMQMRIAMFSLIYKKTLKLSSRVLDKISIGQLVSLLSNNLNKFDEGLALAHFVWIAPLQVALLMGLIWELLQASAFCGLGFLIVLALFQAGLGRMMMKYRDQRAGKISERLVITSEMIENIQSVKAYCWEEAMEKMIENLRQTELKLTRKAAYVRYFNSSAFFFSGFFVVFLSVLPYALIKGIILRKIFTTISFCIVLRMAVTRQFPWAVQTWYDSLGAINKIQDFLQKQEYKTLEYNLTTTEVVMENVTAFWEEGFGELFEKAKQNNNNRKTSNGDDSLFFSNFSLLGTPVLKDINFKIERGQLLAVAGSTGAGKTSLLMVIMGELEPSEGKIKHSGRISFCSQFSWIMPGTIKENIIFGVSYDEYRYRSVIKACQLEEDISKFAEKDNIVLGEGGITLSGGQRARISLARAVYKDADLYLLDSPFGYLDVLTEKEIFESCVCKLMANKTRILVTSKMEHLKKADKILILHEGSSYFYGTFSELQNLQPDFSSKLMGCDSFDQFSAERRNSILTETLHRFSLEGDAPVSWTETKKQSFKQTGEFGEKRKNSILNPINSIRKFSIVQKTPLQMNGIEEDSDEPLERRLSLVPDSEQGEAILPRISVISTGPTLQARRRQSVLNLMTHSVNQGQNIHRKTTASTRKVSLAPQANLTELDIYSRRLSQETGLEISEEINEEDLKECFFDDMESIPAVTTWNTYLRYITVHKSLIFVLIWCLVIFLAEVAASLVVLWLLGNTPLQDKGNSTHSRNNSYAVIITSTSSYYVFYIYVGVADTLLAMGFFRGLPLVHTLITVSKILHHKMLHSVLQAPMSTLNTLKAGGILNRFSKDIAILDDLLPLTIFDFIQLLLIVIGAIAVVAVLQPYIFVATVPVIVAFIMLRAYFLQTSQQLKQLESEGRSPIFTHLVTSLKGLWTLRAFGRQPYFETLFHKALNLHTANWFLYLSTLRWFQMRIEMIFVIFFIAVTFISILTTGEGEGRVGIILTLAMNIMSTLQWAVNSSIDVDSLMRSVSRVFKFIDMPTEGKPTKSTKPYKNGQLSKVMIIENSHVKKDDIWPSGGQMTVKDLTAKYTEGGNAILENISFSISPGQRVGLLGRTGSGKSTLLSAFLRLLNTEGEIQIDGVSWDSITLQQWRKAFGVIPQKVFIFSGTFRKNLDPYEQWSDQEIWKVADEVGLRSVIEQFPGKLDFVLVDGGCVLSHGHKQLMCLARSVLSKAKILLLDEPSAHLDPVTYQIIRRTLKQAFADCTVILCEHRIEAMLECQQFLVIEENKVRQYDSIQKLLNERSLFRQAISPSDRVKLFPHRNSSKCKSKPQIAALKEETEEEVQDTRL*|MQRSPLEKASVVSKLFFSWTRPILRKGYRQRLELSDIYQIPSVDSADNLSEKLEREWDRELASKKNPKLINALRRCFFWRFMFYGIFLYLGEVTKAVQPLLLGRIIASYDPDNKEERSIAIYLGIGLCLLFIVRTLLLHPAIFGLHHIGMQMRIAMFSLIYKKTLKLSSRVLDKISIGQLVSLLSNNLNKFDEGLALAHFVWIAPLQVALLMGLIWELLQASAFCGLGFLIVLALFQAGLGRMMMKYRDQRAGKISERLVITSEMIENIQSVKAYCWEEAMEKMIENLRQTELKLTRKAAYVRYFNSSAFFFSGFFVVFLSVLPYALIKGIILRKIFTTISFCIVLRMAVTRQFPWAVQTWYDSLGAINKIQDFLQKQEYKTLEYNLTTTEVVMENVTAFWEEGFGELFEKAKQNNNNRKTSNGDDSLFFSNFSLLGTPVLKDINFKIERGQLLAVAGSTGAGKTSLLMVIMGELEPSEGKIKHSGRISFCSQFSWIMPGTIKENIIFGVSYDEYRYRSVIKACQLEEDISKFAEKDNIVLGEGGITLSGGQRARISLARAVYKDADLYLLDSPFGYLDVLTEKEIFESCVCKLMANKTRILVTSKMEHLKKADKILILHEGSSYFYGTFSELQNLQPDFSSKLMGCDSFDQFSAERRNSILTETLHRFSLEGDAPVSWTETKKQSFKQTGEFGEKRKNSILNPINSIRKFSIVQKTPLQMNGIEEDSDEPLERRLSLVPDSEQGEAILPRISVISTGPTLQARRRQSVLNLMTHSVNQGQNIHRKTTASTRKVSLAPQANLTELDIYSRRISQETGLEISEEINEEDLKECFFDDMESIPAVTTWNTYLRYITVHKSLIFVLIWCLVIFLAEVAASLVVLWLLGNTPLQDKGNSTHSRNNSYAVIITSTSSYYVFYIYVGVADTLLAMGFFRGLPLVHTLITVSKILHHKMLHSVLQAPMSTLNTLKAGGILNRFSKDIAILDDLLPLTIFDFIQLLLIVIGAIAVVAVLQPYIFVATVPVIVAFIMLRAYFLQTSQQLKQLESEGRSPIFTHLVTSLKGLWTLRAFGRQPYFETLFHKALNLHTANWFLYLSTLRWFQMRIEMIFVIFFIAVTFISILTTGEGEGRVGIILTLAMNIMSTLQWAVNSSIDVDSLMRSVSRVFKFIDMPTEGKPTKSTKPYKNGQLSKVMIIENSHVKKDDIWPSGGQMTVKDLTAKYTEGGNAILENISFSISPGQRVGLLGRTGSGKSTLLSAFLRLLNTEGEIQIDGVSWDSITLQQWRKAFGVIPQKVFIFSGTFRKNLDPYEQWSDQEIWKVADEVGLRSVIEQFPGKLDFVLVDGGCVLSHGHKQLMCLARSVLSKAKILLLDEPSAHLDPVTYQIIRRTLKQAFADCTVILCEHRIEAMLECQQFLVIEENKVRQYDSIQKLLNERSLFRQAISPSDRVKLFPHRNSSKCKSKPQIAALKEETEEEVQDTRL*
chr7:117592601:T/A:1	chr7	117592601	T|A	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000426809	coding	2344	2344	782	L>I	*nonsyn	None	MQRSPLEKASVVSKLFFSWTRPILRKGYRQRLELSDIYQIPSVDSADNLSEKLEREWDRELASKKNPKLINALRRCFFWRFMFYGIFLYLGEVTKAVQPLLLGRIIASYDPDNKEERSIAIYLGIGLCLLFIVRTLLLHPAIFGLHHIGMQMRIAMFSLIYKKGLALAHFVWIAPLQVALLMGLIWELLQASAFCGLGFLIVLALFQAGLGRMMMKYRDQRAGKISERLVITSEMIENIQSVKAYCWEEAMEKMIENLRQTELKLTRKAAYVRYFNSSAFFFSGFFVVFLSVLPYALIKGIILRKIFTTISFCIVLRMAVTRQFPWAVQTWYDSLGAINKIQDFLQKQEYKTLEYNLTTTEVVMENVTAFWEEGFGELFEKAKQNNNNRKTSNGDDSLFFSNFSLLGTPVLKDINFKIERGQLLAVAGSTGAGKTSLLMVIMGELEPSEGKIKHSGRISFCSQFSWIMPGTIKENIIFGVSYDEYRYRSVIKACQLEEDISKFAEKDNIVLGEGGITLSGGQRARISLARAVYKDADLYLLDSPFGYLDVLTEKEIFESCVCKLMANKTRILVTSKMEHLKKADKILILHEGSSYFYGTFSELQNLQPDFSSKLMGCDSFDQFSAERRNSILTETLHRFSLEGDAPVSWTETKKQSFKQTGEFGEKRKNSILNPINSIRKFSIVQKTPLQMNGIEEDSDEPLERRLSLVPDSEQGEAILPRISVISTGPTLQARRRQSVLNLMTHSVNQGQNIHRKTTASTRKVSLAPQANLTELDIYSRRLSQETGLEISEEINEEDLKECFFDDMESIPAVTTWNTYLRYITVHKSLIFVLIWCLVIFLAEVAASLVVLWLLGNTPLQDKGNSTHSRNNSYAVIITSTSSYYVFYIYVGVADTLLAMGFFRGLPLVHTLITVSKILHHKMLHSVLQAPMSTLNTLKAGGILNRFSKDIAILDDLLPLTIFDFIQLLLIVIGAIAVVAVLQPYIFVATVPVIVAFIMLRAYFLQTSQQLKQLESEGRSPIFTHLVTSLKGLWTLRAFGRQPYFETLFHKALNLHTANWFLYLSTLRWFQMRIEMIFVIFFIAVTFISILTTGEGEGRVGIILTLAMNIMSTLQWAVNSSIDVDSLMRSVSRVFKFIDMPTEGKPTKSTKPYKNGQLSKVMIIENSHVKKDDIWPSGGQMTVKDLTAKYTEGGNAILENISFSISPGQRVGLLGRTGSGKSTLLSAFLRLLNTEGEIQIDGVSWDSITLQQWRKAFGVIPQKVFIFSGTFRKNLDPYEQWSDQEIWKVADEVGLRSVIEQFPGKLDFVLVDGGCVLSHGHKQLMCLARSVLSKAKILLLDEPSAHLDPVTYQIIRRTLKQAFADCTVILCEHRIEAMLECQQFLVIEENKVRQYDSIQKLLNERSLFRQAISPSDRVKLFPHRNSSKCKSKPQIAALK|MQRSPLEKASVVSKLFFSWTRPILRKGYRQRLELSDIYQIPSVDSADNLSEKLEREWDRELASKKNPKLINALRRCFFWRFMFYGIFLYLGEVTKAVQPLLLGRIIASYDPDNKEERSIAIYLGIGLCLLFIVRTLLLHPAIFGLHHIGMQMRIAMFSLIYKKGLALAHFVWIAPLQVALLMGLIWELLQASAFCGLGFLIVLALFQAGLGRMMMKYRDQRAGKISERLVITSEMIENIQSVKAYCWEEAMEKMIENLRQTELKLTRKAAYVRYFNSSAFFFSGFFVVFLSVLPYALIKGIILRKIFTTISFCIVLRMAVTRQFPWAVQTWYDSLGAINKIQDFLQKQEYKTLEYNLTTTEVVMENVTAFWEEGFGELFEKAKQNNNNRKTSNGDDSLFFSNFSLLGTPVLKDINFKIERGQLLAVAGSTGAGKTSLLMVIMGELEPSEGKIKHSGRISFCSQFSWIMPGTIKENIIFGVSYDEYRYRSVIKACQLEEDISKFAEKDNIVLGEGGITLSGGQRARISLARAVYKDADLYLLDSPFGYLDVLTEKEIFESCVCKLMANKTRILVTSKMEHLKKADKILILHEGSSYFYGTFSELQNLQPDFSSKLMGCDSFDQFSAERRNSILTETLHRFSLEGDAPVSWTETKKQSFKQTGEFGEKRKNSILNPINSIRKFSIVQKTPLQMNGIEEDSDEPLERRLSLVPDSEQGEAILPRISVISTGPTLQARRRQSVLNLMTHSVNQGQNIHRKTTASTRKVSLAPQANLTELDIYSRRISQETGLEISEEINEEDLKECFFDDMESIPAVTTWNTYLRYITVHKSLIFVLIWCLVIFLAEVAASLVVLWLLGNTPLQDKGNSTHSRNNSYAVIITSTSSYYVFYIYVGVADTLLAMGFFRGLPLVHTLITVSKILHHKMLHSVLQAPMSTLNTLKAGGILNRFSKDIAILDDLLPLTIFDFIQLLLIVIGAIAVVAVLQPYIFVATVPVIVAFIMLRAYFLQTSQQLKQLESEGRSPIFTHLVTSLKGLWTLRAFGRQPYFETLFHKALNLHTANWFLYLSTLRWFQMRIEMIFVIFFIAVTFISILTTGEGEGRVGIILTLAMNIMSTLQWAVNSSIDVDSLMRSVSRVFKFIDMPTEGKPTKSTKPYKNGQLSKVMIIENSHVKKDDIWPSGGQMTVKDLTAKYTEGGNAILENISFSISPGQRVGLLGRTGSGKSTLLSAFLRLLNTEGEIQIDGVSWDSITLQQWRKAFGVIPQKVFIFSGTFRKNLDPYEQWSDQEIWKVADEVGLRSVIEQFPGKLDFVLVDGGCVLSHGHKQLMCLARSVLSKAKILLLDEPSAHLDPVTYQIIRRTLKQAFADCTVILCEHRIEAMLECQQFLVIEENKVRQYDSIQKLLNERSLFRQAISPSDRVKLFPHRNSSKCKSKPQIAALK
chr7:117592601:T/A:1	chr7	117592601	T|A	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000647978	3utr	2409	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr7:117592601:T/A:1	chr7	117592601	T|A	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000649406	coding	2335	2251	751	L>I	nonsyn	None	MQRSPLEKASVVSKLFFSWTRPILRKGYRQRLELSDIYQIPSVDSADNLSEKLEREWDRELASKKNPKLINALRRCFFWRFMFYGIFLYLGEVTKAVQPLLLGRIIASYDPDNKEERSIAIYLGIGLCLLFIVRTLLLHPAIFGLHHIGMQMRIAMFSLIYKKTLKLSSRVLDKISIGQLVSLLSNNLNKFDEGLALAHFVWIAPLQVALLMGLIWELLQASAFCGLGFLIVLALFQAGLGRMMMKYRDQRAGKISERLVITSEMIENIQSVKAYCWEEAMEKMIENLRQTELKLTRKAAYVRYFNSSAFFFSGFFVVFLSVLPYALIKGIILRKIFTTISFCIVLRMAVTRQFPWAVQTWYDSLGAINKIQDFLQKQEYKTLEYNLTTTEVVMENVTAFWEETSLLMVIMGELEPSEGKIKHSGRISFCSQFSWIMPGTIKENIIFGVSYDEYRYRSVIKACQLEEDISKFAEKDNIVLGEGGITLSGGQRARISLARAVYKDADLYLLDSPFGYLDVLTEKEIFESCVCKLMANKTRILVTSKMEHLKKADKILILHEGSSYFYGTFSELQNLQPDFSSKLMGCDSFDQFSAERRNSILTETLHRFSLEGDAPVSWTETKKQSFKQTGEFGEKRKNSILNPINSIRKFSIVQKTPLQMNGIEEDSDEPLERRLSLVPDSEQGEAILPRISVISTGPTLQARRRQSVLNLMTHSVNQGQNIHRKTTASTRKVSLAPQANLTELDIYSRRLSQETGLEISEEINEEDLKECFFDDMESIPAVTTWNTYLRYITVHKSLIFVLIWCLVIFLAEVAASLVVLWLLGNTPLQDKGNSTHSRNNSYAVIITSTSSYYVFYIYVGVADTLLAMGFFRGLPLVHTLITVSKILHHKMLHSVLQAPMSTLNTLKAGGILNRFSKDIAILDDLLPLTIFDFIQLLLIVIGAIAVVAVLQPYIFVATVPVIVAFIMLRAYFLQTSQQLKQLESEGRSPIFTHLVTSLKGLWTLRAFGRQPYFETLFHKALNLHTANWFLYLSTLRWFQMRIEMIFVIFFIAVTFISILTTGEGEGRVGIILTLAMNIMSTLQWAVNSSIDVDSLMRSVSRVFKFIDMPTEGKPTKSTKPYKNGQLSKVMIIENSHVKKDDIWPSGGQMTVKDLTAKYTEGGNAILENISFSISPGQRVRFEHCLLC*|MQRSPLEKASVVSKLFFSWTRPILRKGYRQRLELSDIYQIPSVDSADNLSEKLEREWDRELASKKNPKLINALRRCFFWRFMFYGIFLYLGEVTKAVQPLLLGRIIASYDPDNKEERSIAIYLGIGLCLLFIVRTLLLHPAIFGLHHIGMQMRIAMFSLIYKKTLKLSSRVLDKISIGQLVSLLSNNLNKFDEGLALAHFVWIAPLQVALLMGLIWELLQASAFCGLGFLIVLALFQAGLGRMMMKYRDQRAGKISERLVITSEMIENIQSVKAYCWEEAMEKMIENLRQTELKLTRKAAYVRYFNSSAFFFSGFFVVFLSVLPYALIKGIILRKIFTTISFCIVLRMAVTRQFPWAVQTWYDSLGAINKIQDFLQKQEYKTLEYNLTTTEVVMENVTAFWEETSLLMVIMGELEPSEGKIKHSGRISFCSQFSWIMPGTIKENIIFGVSYDEYRYRSVIKACQLEEDISKFAEKDNIVLGEGGITLSGGQRARISLARAVYKDADLYLLDSPFGYLDVLTEKEIFESCVCKLMANKTRILVTSKMEHLKKADKILILHEGSSYFYGTFSELQNLQPDFSSKLMGCDSFDQFSAERRNSILTETLHRFSLEGDAPVSWTETKKQSFKQTGEFGEKRKNSILNPINSIRKFSIVQKTPLQMNGIEEDSDEPLERRLSLVPDSEQGEAILPRISVISTGPTLQARRRQSVLNLMTHSVNQGQNIHRKTTASTRKVSLAPQANLTELDIYSRRISQETGLEISEEINEEDLKECFFDDMESIPAVTTWNTYLRYITVHKSLIFVLIWCLVIFLAEVAASLVVLWLLGNTPLQDKGNSTHSRNNSYAVIITSTSSYYVFYIYVGVADTLLAMGFFRGLPLVHTLITVSKILHHKMLHSVLQAPMSTLNTLKAGGILNRFSKDIAILDDLLPLTIFDFIQLLLIVIGAIAVVAVLQPYIFVATVPVIVAFIMLRAYFLQTSQQLKQLESEGRSPIFTHLVTSLKGLWTLRAFGRQPYFETLFHKALNLHTANWFLYLSTLRWFQMRIEMIFVIFFIAVTFISILTTGEGEGRVGIILTLAMNIMSTLQWAVNSSIDVDSLMRSVSRVFKFIDMPTEGKPTKSTKPYKNGQLSKVMIIENSHVKKDDIWPSGGQMTVKDLTAKYTEGGNAILENISFSISPGQRVRFEHCLLC*
chr7:117592601:T/A:1	chr7	117592601	T|A	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000649781	coding	2251	2251	751	L>I	nonsyn	None	MQRSPLEKASVVSKLFFSWTRPILRKGYRQRLELSDIYQIPSVDSADNLSEKLEREWDRELASKKNPKLINALRRCFFWRFMFYGIFLYLGEVTKAVQPLLLGRIIASYDPDNKEERSIAIYLGIGLCLLFIVRTLLLHPAIFGLHHIGMQMRIAMFSLIYKKTLKLSSRVLDKISIGQLVSLLSNNLNKFDEGLALAHFVWIAPLQVALLMGLIWELLQASAFCGLGFLIVLALFQAGLGRMMMKYRDQRAGKISERLVITSEMIENIQSVKAYCWEEAMEKMIENLRQTELKLTRKAAYVRYFNSSAFFFSGFFVVFLSVLPYALIKGIILRKIFTTISFCIVLRMAVTRQFPWAVQTWYDSLGAINKIQDFLQKQEYKTLEYNLTTTEVVMENVTAFWEETSLLMVIMGELEPSEGKIKHSGRISFCSQFSWIMPGTIKENIIFGVSYDEYRYRSVIKACQLEEDISKFAEKDNIVLGEGGITLSGGQRARISLARAVYKDADLYLLDSPFGYLDVLTEKEIFESCVCKLMANKTRILVTSKMEHLKKADKILILHEGSSYFYGTFSELQNLQPDFSSKLMGCDSFDQFSAERRNSILTETLHRFSLEGDAPVSWTETKKQSFKQTGEFGEKRKNSILNPINSIRKFSIVQKTPLQMNGIEEDSDEPLERRLSLVPDSEQGEAILPRISVISTGPTLQARRRQSVLNLMTHSVNQGQNIHRKTTASTRKVSLAPQANLTELDIYSRRLSQETGLEISEEINEEDLKECFFDDMESIPAVTTWNTYLRYITVHKSLIFVLIWCLVIFLAEVAASLVVLWLLGNTPLQDKGNSTHSRNNSYAVIITSTSSYYVFYIYVGVADTLLAMGFFRGLPLVHTLITVSKILHHKMLHSVLQAPMSTLNTLKAGGILNRFSKDIAILDDLLPLTIFDFIQLLLIVIGAIAVVAVLQPYIFVATVPVIVAFIMLRAYFLQTSQQLKQLESEGRSPIFTHLVTSLKGLWTLRAFGRQPYFETLFHKALNLHTANWFLYLSTLRWFQMRIEMIFVIFFIAVTFISILTTGEGEGRVGIILTLAMNIMSTLQWAVNSSIDVDSLMRSVSRVFKFIDMPTEGKPTKSTKPYKNGQLSKVMIIENSHVKKDDIWPSGGQMTVKDLTAKYTEGGNAILENISFSISPGQRVGLLGRTGSGKSTLLSAFLRLLNTEGEIQIDGVSWDSITLQQWRKAFGVIPQKVFIFSGTFRKNLDPYEQWSDQEIWKVADEVGLRSVIEQFPGKLDFVLVDGGCVLSHGHKQLMCLARSVLSKAKILLLDEPSAHLDPVTYQIIRRTLKQAFADCTVILCEHRIEAMLECQQFLVIEENKVRQYDSIQKLLNERSLFRQAISPSDRVKLFPHRNSSKCKSKPQIAALKEETEEEVQDTRL*|MQRSPLEKASVVSKLFFSWTRPILRKGYRQRLELSDIYQIPSVDSADNLSEKLEREWDRELASKKNPKLINALRRCFFWRFMFYGIFLYLGEVTKAVQPLLLGRIIASYDPDNKEERSIAIYLGIGLCLLFIVRTLLLHPAIFGLHHIGMQMRIAMFSLIYKKTLKLSSRVLDKISIGQLVSLLSNNLNKFDEGLALAHFVWIAPLQVALLMGLIWELLQASAFCGLGFLIVLALFQAGLGRMMMKYRDQRAGKISERLVITSEMIENIQSVKAYCWEEAMEKMIENLRQTELKLTRKAAYVRYFNSSAFFFSGFFVVFLSVLPYALIKGIILRKIFTTISFCIVLRMAVTRQFPWAVQTWYDSLGAINKIQDFLQKQEYKTLEYNLTTTEVVMENVTAFWEETSLLMVIMGELEPSEGKIKHSGRISFCSQFSWIMPGTIKENIIFGVSYDEYRYRSVIKACQLEEDISKFAEKDNIVLGEGGITLSGGQRARISLARAVYKDADLYLLDSPFGYLDVLTEKEIFESCVCKLMANKTRILVTSKMEHLKKADKILILHEGSSYFYGTFSELQNLQPDFSSKLMGCDSFDQFSAERRNSILTETLHRFSLEGDAPVSWTETKKQSFKQTGEFGEKRKNSILNPINSIRKFSIVQKTPLQMNGIEEDSDEPLERRLSLVPDSEQGEAILPRISVISTGPTLQARRRQSVLNLMTHSVNQGQNIHRKTTASTRKVSLAPQANLTELDIYSRRISQETGLEISEEINEEDLKECFFDDMESIPAVTTWNTYLRYITVHKSLIFVLIWCLVIFLAEVAASLVVLWLLGNTPLQDKGNSTHSRNNSYAVIITSTSSYYVFYIYVGVADTLLAMGFFRGLPLVHTLITVSKILHHKMLHSVLQAPMSTLNTLKAGGILNRFSKDIAILDDLLPLTIFDFIQLLLIVIGAIAVVAVLQPYIFVATVPVIVAFIMLRAYFLQTSQQLKQLESEGRSPIFTHLVTSLKGLWTLRAFGRQPYFETLFHKALNLHTANWFLYLSTLRWFQMRIEMIFVIFFIAVTFISILTTGEGEGRVGIILTLAMNIMSTLQWAVNSSIDVDSLMRSVSRVFKFIDMPTEGKPTKSTKPYKNGQLSKVMIIENSHVKKDDIWPSGGQMTVKDLTAKYTEGGNAILENISFSISPGQRVGLLGRTGSGKSTLLSAFLRLLNTEGEIQIDGVSWDSITLQQWRKAFGVIPQKVFIFSGTFRKNLDPYEQWSDQEIWKVADEVGLRSVIEQFPGKLDFVLVDGGCVLSHGHKQLMCLARSVLSKAKILLLDEPSAHLDPVTYQIIRRTLKQAFADCTVILCEHRIEAMLECQQFLVIEENKVRQYDSIQKLLNERSLFRQAISPSDRVKLFPHRNSSKCKSKPQIAALKEETEEEVQDTRL*
chr7:117592601:T/A:1	chr7	117592601	T|A	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000647720	coding	84	85	29	L>I	nonsyn	None	XRKTTASTRKVSLAPQANLTELDIYSRRLSQETGLEISEEINEEDLKECFFDDMESIPAVTTWNTYLRYITVHKSLIFVLIWCLVIFLAEVAASLVVLWLLGNTPLQDKGNSTHSRNNSYAVIITSTSSYYVFYIYVGVADTLLAMGFFRGLPLVHTLITVSKILHHKMLHSVLQAPMSTLNTLKAGGILNRFSKDIAILDDLLPLTIFDFIQLLLIVIGAIAVVAVLQPYIFVATVPVIVAFIMLRAYFLQTSQQLKQLESEGRSPIFTHLVTSLKGLWTLRAFGRQPYFETLFHKALNLHTANWFLYLSTLRWFQMRIEMIFVIFFIAVTFISILTTGEGEGRVGIILTLAMNIMSTLQWAVNSSIDVDSLMRSVSRVFKFIDMPTEGGPLGKNWIREEYFVISFFETTEH*|XRKTTASTRKVSLAPQANLTELDIYSRRISQETGLEISEEINEEDLKECFFDDMESIPAVTTWNTYLRYITVHKSLIFVLIWCLVIFLAEVAASLVVLWLLGNTPLQDKGNSTHSRNNSYAVIITSTSSYYVFYIYVGVADTLLAMGFFRGLPLVHTLITVSKILHHKMLHSVLQAPMSTLNTLKAGGILNRFSKDIAILDDLLPLTIFDFIQLLLIVIGAIAVVAVLQPYIFVATVPVIVAFIMLRAYFLQTSQQLKQLESEGRSPIFTHLVTSLKGLWTLRAFGRQPYFETLFHKALNLHTANWFLYLSTLRWFQMRIEMIFVIFFIAVTFISILTTGEGEGRVGIILTLAMNIMSTLQWAVNSSIDVDSLMRSVSRVFKFIDMPTEGGPLGKNWIREEYFVISFFETTEH*
chr7:117592612:A/AG:1	chr7	117592613	-|G	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000648260	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	10213	None
chr7:117592612:A/AG:1	chr7	117592613	-|G	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000003084	coding	2578	2446	816	T>D	frameshift:stop-gain	None	MQRSPLEKASVVSKLFFSWTRPILRKGYRQRLELSDIYQIPSVDSADNLSEKLEREWDRELASKKNPKLINALRRCFFWRFMFYGIFLYLGEVTKAVQPLLLGRIIASYDPDNKEERSIAIYLGIGLCLLFIVRTLLLHPAIFGLHHIGMQMRIAMFSLIYKKTLKLSSRVLDKISIGQLVSLLSNNLNKFDEGLALAHFVWIAPLQVALLMGLIWELLQASAFCGLGFLIVLALFQAGLGRMMMKYRDQRAGKISERLVITSEMIENIQSVKAYCWEEAMEKMIENLRQTELKLTRKAAYVRYFNSSAFFFSGFFVVFLSVLPYALIKGIILRKIFTTISFCIVLRMAVTRQFPWAVQTWYDSLGAINKIQDFLQKQEYKTLEYNLTTTEVVMENVTAFWEEGFGELFEKAKQNNNNRKTSNGDDSLFFSNFSLLGTPVLKDINFKIERGQLLAVAGSTGAGKTSLLMVIMGELEPSEGKIKHSGRISFCSQFSWIMPGTIKENIIFGVSYDEYRYRSVIKACQLEEDISKFAEKDNIVLGEGGITLSGGQRARISLARAVYKDADLYLLDSPFGYLDVLTEKEIFESCVCKLMANKTRILVTSKMEHLKKADKILILHEGSSYFYGTFSELQNLQPDFSSKLMGCDSFDQFSAERRNSILTETLHRFSLEGDAPVSWTETKKQSFKQTGEFGEKRKNSILNPINSIRKFSIVQKTPLQMNGIEEDSDEPLERRLSLVPDSEQGEAILPRISVISTGPTLQARRRQSVLNLMTHSVNQGQNIHRKTTASTRKVSLAPQANLTELDIYSRRLSQETGLEISEEINEEDLKECFFDDMESIPAVTTWNTYLRYITVHKSLIFVLIWCLVIFLAEVAASLVVLWLLGNTPLQDKGNSTHSRNNSYAVIITSTSSYYVFYIYVGVADTLLAMGFFRGLPLVHTLITVSKILHHKMLHSVLQAPMSTLNTLKAGGILNRFSKDIAILDDLLPLTIFDFIQLLLIVIGAIAVVAVLQPYIFVATVPVIVAFIMLRAYFLQTSQQLKQLESEGRSPIFTHLVTSLKGLWTLRAFGRQPYFETLFHKALNLHTANWFLYLSTLRWFQMRIEMIFVIFFIAVTFISILTTGEGEGRVGIILTLAMNIMSTLQWAVNSSIDVDSLMRSVSRVFKFIDMPTEGKPTKSTKPYKNGQLSKVMIIENSHVKKDDIWPSGGQMTVKDLTAKYTEGGNAILENISFSISPGQRVGLLGRTGSGKSTLLSAFLRLLNTEGEIQIDGVSWDSITLQQWRKAFGVIPQKVFIFSGTFRKNLDPYEQWSDQEIWKVADEVGLRSVIEQFPGKLDFVLVDGGCVLSHGHKQLMCLARSVLSKAKILLLDEPSAHLDPVTYQIIRRTLKQAFADCTVILCEHRIEAMLECQQFLVIEENKVRQYDSIQKLLNERSLFRQAISPSDRVKLFPHRNSSKCKSKPQIAALKEETEEEVQDTRL*|MQRSPLEKASVVSKLFFSWTRPILRKGYRQRLELSDIYQIPSVDSADNLSEKLEREWDRELASKKNPKLINALRRCFFWRFMFYGIFLYLGEVTKAVQPLLLGRIIASYDPDNKEERSIAIYLGIGLCLLFIVRTLLLHPAIFGLHHIGMQMRIAMFSLIYKKTLKLSSRVLDKISIGQLVSLLSNNLNKFDEGLALAHFVWIAPLQVALLMGLIWELLQASAFCGLGFLIVLALFQAGLGRMMMKYRDQRAGKISERLVITSEMIENIQSVKAYCWEEAMEKMIENLRQTELKLTRKAAYVRYFNSSAFFFSGFFVVFLSVLPYALIKGIILRKIFTTISFCIVLRMAVTRQFPWAVQTWYDSLGAINKIQDFLQKQEYKTLEYNLTTTEVVMENVTAFWEEGFGELFEKAKQNNNNRKTSNGDDSLFFSNFSLLGTPVLKDINFKIERGQLLAVAGSTGAGKTSLLMVIMGELEPSEGKIKHSGRISFCSQFSWIMPGTIKENIIFGVSYDEYRYRSVIKACQLEEDISKFAEKDNIVLGEGGITLSGGQRARISLARAVYKDADLYLLDSPFGYLDVLTEKEIFESCVCKLMANKTRILVTSKMEHLKKADKILILHEGSSYFYGTFSELQNLQPDFSSKLMGCDSFDQFSAERRNSILTETLHRFSLEGDAPVSWTETKKQSFKQTGEFGEKRKNSILNPINSIRKFSIVQKTPLQMNGIEEDSDEPLERRLSLVPDSEQGEAILPRISVISTGPTLQARRRQSVLNLMTHSVNQGQNIHRKTTASTRKVSLAPQANLTELDIYSRRLSQEDWLGNK*
chr7:117592612:A/AG:1	chr7	117592613	-|G	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000426809	coding	2356	2356	786	T>D	*frameshift:stop-gain	None	MQRSPLEKASVVSKLFFSWTRPILRKGYRQRLELSDIYQIPSVDSADNLSEKLEREWDRELASKKNPKLINALRRCFFWRFMFYGIFLYLGEVTKAVQPLLLGRIIASYDPDNKEERSIAIYLGIGLCLLFIVRTLLLHPAIFGLHHIGMQMRIAMFSLIYKKGLALAHFVWIAPLQVALLMGLIWELLQASAFCGLGFLIVLALFQAGLGRMMMKYRDQRAGKISERLVITSEMIENIQSVKAYCWEEAMEKMIENLRQTELKLTRKAAYVRYFNSSAFFFSGFFVVFLSVLPYALIKGIILRKIFTTISFCIVLRMAVTRQFPWAVQTWYDSLGAINKIQDFLQKQEYKTLEYNLTTTEVVMENVTAFWEEGFGELFEKAKQNNNNRKTSNGDDSLFFSNFSLLGTPVLKDINFKIERGQLLAVAGSTGAGKTSLLMVIMGELEPSEGKIKHSGRISFCSQFSWIMPGTIKENIIFGVSYDEYRYRSVIKACQLEEDISKFAEKDNIVLGEGGITLSGGQRARISLARAVYKDADLYLLDSPFGYLDVLTEKEIFESCVCKLMANKTRILVTSKMEHLKKADKILILHEGSSYFYGTFSELQNLQPDFSSKLMGCDSFDQFSAERRNSILTETLHRFSLEGDAPVSWTETKKQSFKQTGEFGEKRKNSILNPINSIRKFSIVQKTPLQMNGIEEDSDEPLERRLSLVPDSEQGEAILPRISVISTGPTLQARRRQSVLNLMTHSVNQGQNIHRKTTASTRKVSLAPQANLTELDIYSRRLSQETGLEISEEINEEDLKECFFDDMESIPAVTTWNTYLRYITVHKSLIFVLIWCLVIFLAEVAASLVVLWLLGNTPLQDKGNSTHSRNNSYAVIITSTSSYYVFYIYVGVADTLLAMGFFRGLPLVHTLITVSKILHHKMLHSVLQAPMSTLNTLKAGGILNRFSKDIAILDDLLPLTIFDFIQLLLIVIGAIAVVAVLQPYIFVATVPVIVAFIMLRAYFLQTSQQLKQLESEGRSPIFTHLVTSLKGLWTLRAFGRQPYFETLFHKALNLHTANWFLYLSTLRWFQMRIEMIFVIFFIAVTFISILTTGEGEGRVGIILTLAMNIMSTLQWAVNSSIDVDSLMRSVSRVFKFIDMPTEGKPTKSTKPYKNGQLSKVMIIENSHVKKDDIWPSGGQMTVKDLTAKYTEGGNAILENISFSISPGQRVGLLGRTGSGKSTLLSAFLRLLNTEGEIQIDGVSWDSITLQQWRKAFGVIPQKVFIFSGTFRKNLDPYEQWSDQEIWKVADEVGLRSVIEQFPGKLDFVLVDGGCVLSHGHKQLMCLARSVLSKAKILLLDEPSAHLDPVTYQIIRRTLKQAFADCTVILCEHRIEAMLECQQFLVIEENKVRQYDSIQKLLNERSLFRQAISPSDRVKLFPHRNSSKCKSKPQIAALK|MQRSPLEKASVVSKLFFSWTRPILRKGYRQRLELSDIYQIPSVDSADNLSEKLEREWDRELASKKNPKLINALRRCFFWRFMFYGIFLYLGEVTKAVQPLLLGRIIASYDPDNKEERSIAIYLGIGLCLLFIVRTLLLHPAIFGLHHIGMQMRIAMFSLIYKKGLALAHFVWIAPLQVALLMGLIWELLQASAFCGLGFLIVLALFQAGLGRMMMKYRDQRAGKISERLVITSEMIENIQSVKAYCWEEAMEKMIENLRQTELKLTRKAAYVRYFNSSAFFFSGFFVVFLSVLPYALIKGIILRKIFTTISFCIVLRMAVTRQFPWAVQTWYDSLGAINKIQDFLQKQEYKTLEYNLTTTEVVMENVTAFWEEGFGELFEKAKQNNNNRKTSNGDDSLFFSNFSLLGTPVLKDINFKIERGQLLAVAGSTGAGKTSLLMVIMGELEPSEGKIKHSGRISFCSQFSWIMPGTIKENIIFGVSYDEYRYRSVIKACQLEEDISKFAEKDNIVLGEGGITLSGGQRARISLARAVYKDADLYLLDSPFGYLDVLTEKEIFESCVCKLMANKTRILVTSKMEHLKKADKILILHEGSSYFYGTFSELQNLQPDFSSKLMGCDSFDQFSAERRNSILTETLHRFSLEGDAPVSWTETKKQSFKQTGEFGEKRKNSILNPINSIRKFSIVQKTPLQMNGIEEDSDEPLERRLSLVPDSEQGEAILPRISVISTGPTLQARRRQSVLNLMTHSVNQGQNIHRKTTASTRKVSLAPQANLTELDIYSRRLSQEDWLGNK*
chr7:117592612:A/AG:1	chr7	117592613	-|G	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000647978	3utr	2421	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr7:117592612:A/AG:1	chr7	117592613	-|G	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000649406	coding	2347	2263	755	T>D	frameshift:stop-gain	None	MQRSPLEKASVVSKLFFSWTRPILRKGYRQRLELSDIYQIPSVDSADNLSEKLEREWDRELASKKNPKLINALRRCFFWRFMFYGIFLYLGEVTKAVQPLLLGRIIASYDPDNKEERSIAIYLGIGLCLLFIVRTLLLHPAIFGLHHIGMQMRIAMFSLIYKKTLKLSSRVLDKISIGQLVSLLSNNLNKFDEGLALAHFVWIAPLQVALLMGLIWELLQASAFCGLGFLIVLALFQAGLGRMMMKYRDQRAGKISERLVITSEMIENIQSVKAYCWEEAMEKMIENLRQTELKLTRKAAYVRYFNSSAFFFSGFFVVFLSVLPYALIKGIILRKIFTTISFCIVLRMAVTRQFPWAVQTWYDSLGAINKIQDFLQKQEYKTLEYNLTTTEVVMENVTAFWEETSLLMVIMGELEPSEGKIKHSGRISFCSQFSWIMPGTIKENIIFGVSYDEYRYRSVIKACQLEEDISKFAEKDNIVLGEGGITLSGGQRARISLARAVYKDADLYLLDSPFGYLDVLTEKEIFESCVCKLMANKTRILVTSKMEHLKKADKILILHEGSSYFYGTFSELQNLQPDFSSKLMGCDSFDQFSAERRNSILTETLHRFSLEGDAPVSWTETKKQSFKQTGEFGEKRKNSILNPINSIRKFSIVQKTPLQMNGIEEDSDEPLERRLSLVPDSEQGEAILPRISVISTGPTLQARRRQSVLNLMTHSVNQGQNIHRKTTASTRKVSLAPQANLTELDIYSRRLSQETGLEISEEINEEDLKECFFDDMESIPAVTTWNTYLRYITVHKSLIFVLIWCLVIFLAEVAASLVVLWLLGNTPLQDKGNSTHSRNNSYAVIITSTSSYYVFYIYVGVADTLLAMGFFRGLPLVHTLITVSKILHHKMLHSVLQAPMSTLNTLKAGGILNRFSKDIAILDDLLPLTIFDFIQLLLIVIGAIAVVAVLQPYIFVATVPVIVAFIMLRAYFLQTSQQLKQLESEGRSPIFTHLVTSLKGLWTLRAFGRQPYFETLFHKALNLHTANWFLYLSTLRWFQMRIEMIFVIFFIAVTFISILTTGEGEGRVGIILTLAMNIMSTLQWAVNSSIDVDSLMRSVSRVFKFIDMPTEGKPTKSTKPYKNGQLSKVMIIENSHVKKDDIWPSGGQMTVKDLTAKYTEGGNAILENISFSISPGQRVRFEHCLLC*|MQRSPLEKASVVSKLFFSWTRPILRKGYRQRLELSDIYQIPSVDSADNLSEKLEREWDRELASKKNPKLINALRRCFFWRFMFYGIFLYLGEVTKAVQPLLLGRIIASYDPDNKEERSIAIYLGIGLCLLFIVRTLLLHPAIFGLHHIGMQMRIAMFSLIYKKTLKLSSRVLDKISIGQLVSLLSNNLNKFDEGLALAHFVWIAPLQVALLMGLIWELLQASAFCGLGFLIVLALFQAGLGRMMMKYRDQRAGKISERLVITSEMIENIQSVKAYCWEEAMEKMIENLRQTELKLTRKAAYVRYFNSSAFFFSGFFVVFLSVLPYALIKGIILRKIFTTISFCIVLRMAVTRQFPWAVQTWYDSLGAINKIQDFLQKQEYKTLEYNLTTTEVVMENVTAFWEETSLLMVIMGELEPSEGKIKHSGRISFCSQFSWIMPGTIKENIIFGVSYDEYRYRSVIKACQLEEDISKFAEKDNIVLGEGGITLSGGQRARISLARAVYKDADLYLLDSPFGYLDVLTEKEIFESCVCKLMANKTRILVTSKMEHLKKADKILILHEGSSYFYGTFSELQNLQPDFSSKLMGCDSFDQFSAERRNSILTETLHRFSLEGDAPVSWTETKKQSFKQTGEFGEKRKNSILNPINSIRKFSIVQKTPLQMNGIEEDSDEPLERRLSLVPDSEQGEAILPRISVISTGPTLQARRRQSVLNLMTHSVNQGQNIHRKTTASTRKVSLAPQANLTELDIYSRRLSQEDWLGNK*
chr7:117592612:A/AG:1	chr7	117592613	-|G	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000649781	coding	2263	2263	755	T>D	frameshift:stop-gain	None	MQRSPLEKASVVSKLFFSWTRPILRKGYRQRLELSDIYQIPSVDSADNLSEKLEREWDRELASKKNPKLINALRRCFFWRFMFYGIFLYLGEVTKAVQPLLLGRIIASYDPDNKEERSIAIYLGIGLCLLFIVRTLLLHPAIFGLHHIGMQMRIAMFSLIYKKTLKLSSRVLDKISIGQLVSLLSNNLNKFDEGLALAHFVWIAPLQVALLMGLIWELLQASAFCGLGFLIVLALFQAGLGRMMMKYRDQRAGKISERLVITSEMIENIQSVKAYCWEEAMEKMIENLRQTELKLTRKAAYVRYFNSSAFFFSGFFVVFLSVLPYALIKGIILRKIFTTISFCIVLRMAVTRQFPWAVQTWYDSLGAINKIQDFLQKQEYKTLEYNLTTTEVVMENVTAFWEETSLLMVIMGELEPSEGKIKHSGRISFCSQFSWIMPGTIKENIIFGVSYDEYRYRSVIKACQLEEDISKFAEKDNIVLGEGGITLSGGQRARISLARAVYKDADLYLLDSPFGYLDVLTEKEIFESCVCKLMANKTRILVTSKMEHLKKADKILILHEGSSYFYGTFSELQNLQPDFSSKLMGCDSFDQFSAERRNSILTETLHRFSLEGDAPVSWTETKKQSFKQTGEFGEKRKNSILNPINSIRKFSIVQKTPLQMNGIEEDSDEPLERRLSLVPDSEQGEAILPRISVISTGPTLQARRRQSVLNLMTHSVNQGQNIHRKTTASTRKVSLAPQANLTELDIYSRRLSQETGLEISEEINEEDLKECFFDDMESIPAVTTWNTYLRYITVHKSLIFVLIWCLVIFLAEVAASLVVLWLLGNTPLQDKGNSTHSRNNSYAVIITSTSSYYVFYIYVGVADTLLAMGFFRGLPLVHTLITVSKILHHKMLHSVLQAPMSTLNTLKAGGILNRFSKDIAILDDLLPLTIFDFIQLLLIVIGAIAVVAVLQPYIFVATVPVIVAFIMLRAYFLQTSQQLKQLESEGRSPIFTHLVTSLKGLWTLRAFGRQPYFETLFHKALNLHTANWFLYLSTLRWFQMRIEMIFVIFFIAVTFISILTTGEGEGRVGIILTLAMNIMSTLQWAVNSSIDVDSLMRSVSRVFKFIDMPTEGKPTKSTKPYKNGQLSKVMIIENSHVKKDDIWPSGGQMTVKDLTAKYTEGGNAILENISFSISPGQRVGLLGRTGSGKSTLLSAFLRLLNTEGEIQIDGVSWDSITLQQWRKAFGVIPQKVFIFSGTFRKNLDPYEQWSDQEIWKVADEVGLRSVIEQFPGKLDFVLVDGGCVLSHGHKQLMCLARSVLSKAKILLLDEPSAHLDPVTYQIIRRTLKQAFADCTVILCEHRIEAMLECQQFLVIEENKVRQYDSIQKLLNERSLFRQAISPSDRVKLFPHRNSSKCKSKPQIAALKEETEEEVQDTRL*|MQRSPLEKASVVSKLFFSWTRPILRKGYRQRLELSDIYQIPSVDSADNLSEKLEREWDRELASKKNPKLINALRRCFFWRFMFYGIFLYLGEVTKAVQPLLLGRIIASYDPDNKEERSIAIYLGIGLCLLFIVRTLLLHPAIFGLHHIGMQMRIAMFSLIYKKTLKLSSRVLDKISIGQLVSLLSNNLNKFDEGLALAHFVWIAPLQVALLMGLIWELLQASAFCGLGFLIVLALFQAGLGRMMMKYRDQRAGKISERLVITSEMIENIQSVKAYCWEEAMEKMIENLRQTELKLTRKAAYVRYFNSSAFFFSGFFVVFLSVLPYALIKGIILRKIFTTISFCIVLRMAVTRQFPWAVQTWYDSLGAINKIQDFLQKQEYKTLEYNLTTTEVVMENVTAFWEETSLLMVIMGELEPSEGKIKHSGRISFCSQFSWIMPGTIKENIIFGVSYDEYRYRSVIKACQLEEDISKFAEKDNIVLGEGGITLSGGQRARISLARAVYKDADLYLLDSPFGYLDVLTEKEIFESCVCKLMANKTRILVTSKMEHLKKADKILILHEGSSYFYGTFSELQNLQPDFSSKLMGCDSFDQFSAERRNSILTETLHRFSLEGDAPVSWTETKKQSFKQTGEFGEKRKNSILNPINSIRKFSIVQKTPLQMNGIEEDSDEPLERRLSLVPDSEQGEAILPRISVISTGPTLQARRRQSVLNLMTHSVNQGQNIHRKTTASTRKVSLAPQANLTELDIYSRRLSQEDWLGNK*
chr7:117592612:A/AG:1	chr7	117592613	-|G	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000647720	coding	96	97	33	T>D	frameshift:stop-gain	None	XRKTTASTRKVSLAPQANLTELDIYSRRLSQETGLEISEEINEEDLKECFFDDMESIPAVTTWNTYLRYITVHKSLIFVLIWCLVIFLAEVAASLVVLWLLGNTPLQDKGNSTHSRNNSYAVIITSTSSYYVFYIYVGVADTLLAMGFFRGLPLVHTLITVSKILHHKMLHSVLQAPMSTLNTLKAGGILNRFSKDIAILDDLLPLTIFDFIQLLLIVIGAIAVVAVLQPYIFVATVPVIVAFIMLRAYFLQTSQQLKQLESEGRSPIFTHLVTSLKGLWTLRAFGRQPYFETLFHKALNLHTANWFLYLSTLRWFQMRIEMIFVIFFIAVTFISILTTGEGEGRVGIILTLAMNIMSTLQWAVNSSIDVDSLMRSVSRVFKFIDMPTEGGPLGKNWIREEYFVISFFETTEH*|XRKTTASTRKVSLAPQANLTELDIYSRRLSQEDWLGNK*
chr7:117592614:C/A:1	chr7	117592614	C|A	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000648260	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	10212	None
chr7:117592614:C/A:1	chr7	117592614	C|A	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000003084	coding	2579	2447	816	T>N	nonsyn	None	MQRSPLEKASVVSKLFFSWTRPILRKGYRQRLELSDIYQIPSVDSADNLSEKLEREWDRELASKKNPKLINALRRCFFWRFMFYGIFLYLGEVTKAVQPLLLGRIIASYDPDNKEERSIAIYLGIGLCLLFIVRTLLLHPAIFGLHHIGMQMRIAMFSLIYKKTLKLSSRVLDKISIGQLVSLLSNNLNKFDEGLALAHFVWIAPLQVALLMGLIWELLQASAFCGLGFLIVLALFQAGLGRMMMKYRDQRAGKISERLVITSEMIENIQSVKAYCWEEAMEKMIENLRQTELKLTRKAAYVRYFNSSAFFFSGFFVVFLSVLPYALIKGIILRKIFTTISFCIVLRMAVTRQFPWAVQTWYDSLGAINKIQDFLQKQEYKTLEYNLTTTEVVMENVTAFWEEGFGELFEKAKQNNNNRKTSNGDDSLFFSNFSLLGTPVLKDINFKIERGQLLAVAGSTGAGKTSLLMVIMGELEPSEGKIKHSGRISFCSQFSWIMPGTIKENIIFGVSYDEYRYRSVIKACQLEEDISKFAEKDNIVLGEGGITLSGGQRARISLARAVYKDADLYLLDSPFGYLDVLTEKEIFESCVCKLMANKTRILVTSKMEHLKKADKILILHEGSSYFYGTFSELQNLQPDFSSKLMGCDSFDQFSAERRNSILTETLHRFSLEGDAPVSWTETKKQSFKQTGEFGEKRKNSILNPINSIRKFSIVQKTPLQMNGIEEDSDEPLERRLSLVPDSEQGEAILPRISVISTGPTLQARRRQSVLNLMTHSVNQGQNIHRKTTASTRKVSLAPQANLTELDIYSRRLSQETGLEISEEINEEDLKECFFDDMESIPAVTTWNTYLRYITVHKSLIFVLIWCLVIFLAEVAASLVVLWLLGNTPLQDKGNSTHSRNNSYAVIITSTSSYYVFYIYVGVADTLLAMGFFRGLPLVHTLITVSKILHHKMLHSVLQAPMSTLNTLKAGGILNRFSKDIAILDDLLPLTIFDFIQLLLIVIGAIAVVAVLQPYIFVATVPVIVAFIMLRAYFLQTSQQLKQLESEGRSPIFTHLVTSLKGLWTLRAFGRQPYFETLFHKALNLHTANWFLYLSTLRWFQMRIEMIFVIFFIAVTFISILTTGEGEGRVGIILTLAMNIMSTLQWAVNSSIDVDSLMRSVSRVFKFIDMPTEGKPTKSTKPYKNGQLSKVMIIENSHVKKDDIWPSGGQMTVKDLTAKYTEGGNAILENISFSISPGQRVGLLGRTGSGKSTLLSAFLRLLNTEGEIQIDGVSWDSITLQQWRKAFGVIPQKVFIFSGTFRKNLDPYEQWSDQEIWKVADEVGLRSVIEQFPGKLDFVLVDGGCVLSHGHKQLMCLARSVLSKAKILLLDEPSAHLDPVTYQIIRRTLKQAFADCTVILCEHRIEAMLECQQFLVIEENKVRQYDSIQKLLNERSLFRQAISPSDRVKLFPHRNSSKCKSKPQIAALKEETEEEVQDTRL*|MQRSPLEKASVVSKLFFSWTRPILRKGYRQRLELSDIYQIPSVDSADNLSEKLEREWDRELASKKNPKLINALRRCFFWRFMFYGIFLYLGEVTKAVQPLLLGRIIASYDPDNKEERSIAIYLGIGLCLLFIVRTLLLHPAIFGLHHIGMQMRIAMFSLIYKKTLKLSSRVLDKISIGQLVSLLSNNLNKFDEGLALAHFVWIAPLQVALLMGLIWELLQASAFCGLGFLIVLALFQAGLGRMMMKYRDQRAGKISERLVITSEMIENIQSVKAYCWEEAMEKMIENLRQTELKLTRKAAYVRYFNSSAFFFSGFFVVFLSVLPYALIKGIILRKIFTTISFCIVLRMAVTRQFPWAVQTWYDSLGAINKIQDFLQKQEYKTLEYNLTTTEVVMENVTAFWEEGFGELFEKAKQNNNNRKTSNGDDSLFFSNFSLLGTPVLKDINFKIERGQLLAVAGSTGAGKTSLLMVIMGELEPSEGKIKHSGRISFCSQFSWIMPGTIKENIIFGVSYDEYRYRSVIKACQLEEDISKFAEKDNIVLGEGGITLSGGQRARISLARAVYKDADLYLLDSPFGYLDVLTEKEIFESCVCKLMANKTRILVTSKMEHLKKADKILILHEGSSYFYGTFSELQNLQPDFSSKLMGCDSFDQFSAERRNSILTETLHRFSLEGDAPVSWTETKKQSFKQTGEFGEKRKNSILNPINSIRKFSIVQKTPLQMNGIEEDSDEPLERRLSLVPDSEQGEAILPRISVISTGPTLQARRRQSVLNLMTHSVNQGQNIHRKTTASTRKVSLAPQANLTELDIYSRRLSQENGLEISEEINEEDLKECFFDDMESIPAVTTWNTYLRYITVHKSLIFVLIWCLVIFLAEVAASLVVLWLLGNTPLQDKGNSTHSRNNSYAVIITSTSSYYVFYIYVGVADTLLAMGFFRGLPLVHTLITVSKILHHKMLHSVLQAPMSTLNTLKAGGILNRFSKDIAILDDLLPLTIFDFIQLLLIVIGAIAVVAVLQPYIFVATVPVIVAFIMLRAYFLQTSQQLKQLESEGRSPIFTHLVTSLKGLWTLRAFGRQPYFETLFHKALNLHTANWFLYLSTLRWFQMRIEMIFVIFFIAVTFISILTTGEGEGRVGIILTLAMNIMSTLQWAVNSSIDVDSLMRSVSRVFKFIDMPTEGKPTKSTKPYKNGQLSKVMIIENSHVKKDDIWPSGGQMTVKDLTAKYTEGGNAILENISFSISPGQRVGLLGRTGSGKSTLLSAFLRLLNTEGEIQIDGVSWDSITLQQWRKAFGVIPQKVFIFSGTFRKNLDPYEQWSDQEIWKVADEVGLRSVIEQFPGKLDFVLVDGGCVLSHGHKQLMCLARSVLSKAKILLLDEPSAHLDPVTYQIIRRTLKQAFADCTVILCEHRIEAMLECQQFLVIEENKVRQYDSIQKLLNERSLFRQAISPSDRVKLFPHRNSSKCKSKPQIAALKEETEEEVQDTRL*
chr7:117592614:C/A:1	chr7	117592614	C|A	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000426809	coding	2357	2357	786	T>N	*nonsyn	None	MQRSPLEKASVVSKLFFSWTRPILRKGYRQRLELSDIYQIPSVDSADNLSEKLEREWDRELASKKNPKLINALRRCFFWRFMFYGIFLYLGEVTKAVQPLLLGRIIASYDPDNKEERSIAIYLGIGLCLLFIVRTLLLHPAIFGLHHIGMQMRIAMFSLIYKKGLALAHFVWIAPLQVALLMGLIWELLQASAFCGLGFLIVLALFQAGLGRMMMKYRDQRAGKISERLVITSEMIENIQSVKAYCWEEAMEKMIENLRQTELKLTRKAAYVRYFNSSAFFFSGFFVVFLSVLPYALIKGIILRKIFTTISFCIVLRMAVTRQFPWAVQTWYDSLGAINKIQDFLQKQEYKTLEYNLTTTEVVMENVTAFWEEGFGELFEKAKQNNNNRKTSNGDDSLFFSNFSLLGTPVLKDINFKIERGQLLAVAGSTGAGKTSLLMVIMGELEPSEGKIKHSGRISFCSQFSWIMPGTIKENIIFGVSYDEYRYRSVIKACQLEEDISKFAEKDNIVLGEGGITLSGGQRARISLARAVYKDADLYLLDSPFGYLDVLTEKEIFESCVCKLMANKTRILVTSKMEHLKKADKILILHEGSSYFYGTFSELQNLQPDFSSKLMGCDSFDQFSAERRNSILTETLHRFSLEGDAPVSWTETKKQSFKQTGEFGEKRKNSILNPINSIRKFSIVQKTPLQMNGIEEDSDEPLERRLSLVPDSEQGEAILPRISVISTGPTLQARRRQSVLNLMTHSVNQGQNIHRKTTASTRKVSLAPQANLTELDIYSRRLSQETGLEISEEINEEDLKECFFDDMESIPAVTTWNTYLRYITVHKSLIFVLIWCLVIFLAEVAASLVVLWLLGNTPLQDKGNSTHSRNNSYAVIITSTSSYYVFYIYVGVADTLLAMGFFRGLPLVHTLITVSKILHHKMLHSVLQAPMSTLNTLKAGGILNRFSKDIAILDDLLPLTIFDFIQLLLIVIGAIAVVAVLQPYIFVATVPVIVAFIMLRAYFLQTSQQLKQLESEGRSPIFTHLVTSLKGLWTLRAFGRQPYFETLFHKALNLHTANWFLYLSTLRWFQMRIEMIFVIFFIAVTFISILTTGEGEGRVGIILTLAMNIMSTLQWAVNSSIDVDSLMRSVSRVFKFIDMPTEGKPTKSTKPYKNGQLSKVMIIENSHVKKDDIWPSGGQMTVKDLTAKYTEGGNAILENISFSISPGQRVGLLGRTGSGKSTLLSAFLRLLNTEGEIQIDGVSWDSITLQQWRKAFGVIPQKVFIFSGTFRKNLDPYEQWSDQEIWKVADEVGLRSVIEQFPGKLDFVLVDGGCVLSHGHKQLMCLARSVLSKAKILLLDEPSAHLDPVTYQIIRRTLKQAFADCTVILCEHRIEAMLECQQFLVIEENKVRQYDSIQKLLNERSLFRQAISPSDRVKLFPHRNSSKCKSKPQIAALK|MQRSPLEKASVVSKLFFSWTRPILRKGYRQRLELSDIYQIPSVDSADNLSEKLEREWDRELASKKNPKLINALRRCFFWRFMFYGIFLYLGEVTKAVQPLLLGRIIASYDPDNKEERSIAIYLGIGLCLLFIVRTLLLHPAIFGLHHIGMQMRIAMFSLIYKKGLALAHFVWIAPLQVALLMGLIWELLQASAFCGLGFLIVLALFQAGLGRMMMKYRDQRAGKISERLVITSEMIENIQSVKAYCWEEAMEKMIENLRQTELKLTRKAAYVRYFNSSAFFFSGFFVVFLSVLPYALIKGIILRKIFTTISFCIVLRMAVTRQFPWAVQTWYDSLGAINKIQDFLQKQEYKTLEYNLTTTEVVMENVTAFWEEGFGELFEKAKQNNNNRKTSNGDDSLFFSNFSLLGTPVLKDINFKIERGQLLAVAGSTGAGKTSLLMVIMGELEPSEGKIKHSGRISFCSQFSWIMPGTIKENIIFGVSYDEYRYRSVIKACQLEEDISKFAEKDNIVLGEGGITLSGGQRARISLARAVYKDADLYLLDSPFGYLDVLTEKEIFESCVCKLMANKTRILVTSKMEHLKKADKILILHEGSSYFYGTFSELQNLQPDFSSKLMGCDSFDQFSAERRNSILTETLHRFSLEGDAPVSWTETKKQSFKQTGEFGEKRKNSILNPINSIRKFSIVQKTPLQMNGIEEDSDEPLERRLSLVPDSEQGEAILPRISVISTGPTLQARRRQSVLNLMTHSVNQGQNIHRKTTASTRKVSLAPQANLTELDIYSRRLSQENGLEISEEINEEDLKECFFDDMESIPAVTTWNTYLRYITVHKSLIFVLIWCLVIFLAEVAASLVVLWLLGNTPLQDKGNSTHSRNNSYAVIITSTSSYYVFYIYVGVADTLLAMGFFRGLPLVHTLITVSKILHHKMLHSVLQAPMSTLNTLKAGGILNRFSKDIAILDDLLPLTIFDFIQLLLIVIGAIAVVAVLQPYIFVATVPVIVAFIMLRAYFLQTSQQLKQLESEGRSPIFTHLVTSLKGLWTLRAFGRQPYFETLFHKALNLHTANWFLYLSTLRWFQMRIEMIFVIFFIAVTFISILTTGEGEGRVGIILTLAMNIMSTLQWAVNSSIDVDSLMRSVSRVFKFIDMPTEGKPTKSTKPYKNGQLSKVMIIENSHVKKDDIWPSGGQMTVKDLTAKYTEGGNAILENISFSISPGQRVGLLGRTGSGKSTLLSAFLRLLNTEGEIQIDGVSWDSITLQQWRKAFGVIPQKVFIFSGTFRKNLDPYEQWSDQEIWKVADEVGLRSVIEQFPGKLDFVLVDGGCVLSHGHKQLMCLARSVLSKAKILLLDEPSAHLDPVTYQIIRRTLKQAFADCTVILCEHRIEAMLECQQFLVIEENKVRQYDSIQKLLNERSLFRQAISPSDRVKLFPHRNSSKCKSKPQIAALK
chr7:117592614:C/A:1	chr7	117592614	C|A	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000647978	3utr	2422	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr7:117592614:C/A:1	chr7	117592614	C|A	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000649406	coding	2348	2264	755	T>N	nonsyn	None	MQRSPLEKASVVSKLFFSWTRPILRKGYRQRLELSDIYQIPSVDSADNLSEKLEREWDRELASKKNPKLINALRRCFFWRFMFYGIFLYLGEVTKAVQPLLLGRIIASYDPDNKEERSIAIYLGIGLCLLFIVRTLLLHPAIFGLHHIGMQMRIAMFSLIYKKTLKLSSRVLDKISIGQLVSLLSNNLNKFDEGLALAHFVWIAPLQVALLMGLIWELLQASAFCGLGFLIVLALFQAGLGRMMMKYRDQRAGKISERLVITSEMIENIQSVKAYCWEEAMEKMIENLRQTELKLTRKAAYVRYFNSSAFFFSGFFVVFLSVLPYALIKGIILRKIFTTISFCIVLRMAVTRQFPWAVQTWYDSLGAINKIQDFLQKQEYKTLEYNLTTTEVVMENVTAFWEETSLLMVIMGELEPSEGKIKHSGRISFCSQFSWIMPGTIKENIIFGVSYDEYRYRSVIKACQLEEDISKFAEKDNIVLGEGGITLSGGQRARISLARAVYKDADLYLLDSPFGYLDVLTEKEIFESCVCKLMANKTRILVTSKMEHLKKADKILILHEGSSYFYGTFSELQNLQPDFSSKLMGCDSFDQFSAERRNSILTETLHRFSLEGDAPVSWTETKKQSFKQTGEFGEKRKNSILNPINSIRKFSIVQKTPLQMNGIEEDSDEPLERRLSLVPDSEQGEAILPRISVISTGPTLQARRRQSVLNLMTHSVNQGQNIHRKTTASTRKVSLAPQANLTELDIYSRRLSQETGLEISEEINEEDLKECFFDDMESIPAVTTWNTYLRYITVHKSLIFVLIWCLVIFLAEVAASLVVLWLLGNTPLQDKGNSTHSRNNSYAVIITSTSSYYVFYIYVGVADTLLAMGFFRGLPLVHTLITVSKILHHKMLHSVLQAPMSTLNTLKAGGILNRFSKDIAILDDLLPLTIFDFIQLLLIVIGAIAVVAVLQPYIFVATVPVIVAFIMLRAYFLQTSQQLKQLESEGRSPIFTHLVTSLKGLWTLRAFGRQPYFETLFHKALNLHTANWFLYLSTLRWFQMRIEMIFVIFFIAVTFISILTTGEGEGRVGIILTLAMNIMSTLQWAVNSSIDVDSLMRSVSRVFKFIDMPTEGKPTKSTKPYKNGQLSKVMIIENSHVKKDDIWPSGGQMTVKDLTAKYTEGGNAILENISFSISPGQRVRFEHCLLC*|MQRSPLEKASVVSKLFFSWTRPILRKGYRQRLELSDIYQIPSVDSADNLSEKLEREWDRELASKKNPKLINALRRCFFWRFMFYGIFLYLGEVTKAVQPLLLGRIIASYDPDNKEERSIAIYLGIGLCLLFIVRTLLLHPAIFGLHHIGMQMRIAMFSLIYKKTLKLSSRVLDKISIGQLVSLLSNNLNKFDEGLALAHFVWIAPLQVALLMGLIWELLQASAFCGLGFLIVLALFQAGLGRMMMKYRDQRAGKISERLVITSEMIENIQSVKAYCWEEAMEKMIENLRQTELKLTRKAAYVRYFNSSAFFFSGFFVVFLSVLPYALIKGIILRKIFTTISFCIVLRMAVTRQFPWAVQTWYDSLGAINKIQDFLQKQEYKTLEYNLTTTEVVMENVTAFWEETSLLMVIMGELEPSEGKIKHSGRISFCSQFSWIMPGTIKENIIFGVSYDEYRYRSVIKACQLEEDISKFAEKDNIVLGEGGITLSGGQRARISLARAVYKDADLYLLDSPFGYLDVLTEKEIFESCVCKLMANKTRILVTSKMEHLKKADKILILHEGSSYFYGTFSELQNLQPDFSSKLMGCDSFDQFSAERRNSILTETLHRFSLEGDAPVSWTETKKQSFKQTGEFGEKRKNSILNPINSIRKFSIVQKTPLQMNGIEEDSDEPLERRLSLVPDSEQGEAILPRISVISTGPTLQARRRQSVLNLMTHSVNQGQNIHRKTTASTRKVSLAPQANLTELDIYSRRLSQENGLEISEEINEEDLKECFFDDMESIPAVTTWNTYLRYITVHKSLIFVLIWCLVIFLAEVAASLVVLWLLGNTPLQDKGNSTHSRNNSYAVIITSTSSYYVFYIYVGVADTLLAMGFFRGLPLVHTLITVSKILHHKMLHSVLQAPMSTLNTLKAGGILNRFSKDIAILDDLLPLTIFDFIQLLLIVIGAIAVVAVLQPYIFVATVPVIVAFIMLRAYFLQTSQQLKQLESEGRSPIFTHLVTSLKGLWTLRAFGRQPYFETLFHKALNLHTANWFLYLSTLRWFQMRIEMIFVIFFIAVTFISILTTGEGEGRVGIILTLAMNIMSTLQWAVNSSIDVDSLMRSVSRVFKFIDMPTEGKPTKSTKPYKNGQLSKVMIIENSHVKKDDIWPSGGQMTVKDLTAKYTEGGNAILENISFSISPGQRVRFEHCLLC*
chr7:117592614:C/A:1	chr7	117592614	C|A	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000649781	coding	2264	2264	755	T>N	nonsyn	None	MQRSPLEKASVVSKLFFSWTRPILRKGYRQRLELSDIYQIPSVDSADNLSEKLEREWDRELASKKNPKLINALRRCFFWRFMFYGIFLYLGEVTKAVQPLLLGRIIASYDPDNKEERSIAIYLGIGLCLLFIVRTLLLHPAIFGLHHIGMQMRIAMFSLIYKKTLKLSSRVLDKISIGQLVSLLSNNLNKFDEGLALAHFVWIAPLQVALLMGLIWELLQASAFCGLGFLIVLALFQAGLGRMMMKYRDQRAGKISERLVITSEMIENIQSVKAYCWEEAMEKMIENLRQTELKLTRKAAYVRYFNSSAFFFSGFFVVFLSVLPYALIKGIILRKIFTTISFCIVLRMAVTRQFPWAVQTWYDSLGAINKIQDFLQKQEYKTLEYNLTTTEVVMENVTAFWEETSLLMVIMGELEPSEGKIKHSGRISFCSQFSWIMPGTIKENIIFGVSYDEYRYRSVIKACQLEEDISKFAEKDNIVLGEGGITLSGGQRARISLARAVYKDADLYLLDSPFGYLDVLTEKEIFESCVCKLMANKTRILVTSKMEHLKKADKILILHEGSSYFYGTFSELQNLQPDFSSKLMGCDSFDQFSAERRNSILTETLHRFSLEGDAPVSWTETKKQSFKQTGEFGEKRKNSILNPINSIRKFSIVQKTPLQMNGIEEDSDEPLERRLSLVPDSEQGEAILPRISVISTGPTLQARRRQSVLNLMTHSVNQGQNIHRKTTASTRKVSLAPQANLTELDIYSRRLSQETGLEISEEINEEDLKECFFDDMESIPAVTTWNTYLRYITVHKSLIFVLIWCLVIFLAEVAASLVVLWLLGNTPLQDKGNSTHSRNNSYAVIITSTSSYYVFYIYVGVADTLLAMGFFRGLPLVHTLITVSKILHHKMLHSVLQAPMSTLNTLKAGGILNRFSKDIAILDDLLPLTIFDFIQLLLIVIGAIAVVAVLQPYIFVATVPVIVAFIMLRAYFLQTSQQLKQLESEGRSPIFTHLVTSLKGLWTLRAFGRQPYFETLFHKALNLHTANWFLYLSTLRWFQMRIEMIFVIFFIAVTFISILTTGEGEGRVGIILTLAMNIMSTLQWAVNSSIDVDSLMRSVSRVFKFIDMPTEGKPTKSTKPYKNGQLSKVMIIENSHVKKDDIWPSGGQMTVKDLTAKYTEGGNAILENISFSISPGQRVGLLGRTGSGKSTLLSAFLRLLNTEGEIQIDGVSWDSITLQQWRKAFGVIPQKVFIFSGTFRKNLDPYEQWSDQEIWKVADEVGLRSVIEQFPGKLDFVLVDGGCVLSHGHKQLMCLARSVLSKAKILLLDEPSAHLDPVTYQIIRRTLKQAFADCTVILCEHRIEAMLECQQFLVIEENKVRQYDSIQKLLNERSLFRQAISPSDRVKLFPHRNSSKCKSKPQIAALKEETEEEVQDTRL*|MQRSPLEKASVVSKLFFSWTRPILRKGYRQRLELSDIYQIPSVDSADNLSEKLEREWDRELASKKNPKLINALRRCFFWRFMFYGIFLYLGEVTKAVQPLLLGRIIASYDPDNKEERSIAIYLGIGLCLLFIVRTLLLHPAIFGLHHIGMQMRIAMFSLIYKKTLKLSSRVLDKISIGQLVSLLSNNLNKFDEGLALAHFVWIAPLQVALLMGLIWELLQASAFCGLGFLIVLALFQAGLGRMMMKYRDQRAGKISERLVITSEMIENIQSVKAYCWEEAMEKMIENLRQTELKLTRKAAYVRYFNSSAFFFSGFFVVFLSVLPYALIKGIILRKIFTTISFCIVLRMAVTRQFPWAVQTWYDSLGAINKIQDFLQKQEYKTLEYNLTTTEVVMENVTAFWEETSLLMVIMGELEPSEGKIKHSGRISFCSQFSWIMPGTIKENIIFGVSYDEYRYRSVIKACQLEEDISKFAEKDNIVLGEGGITLSGGQRARISLARAVYKDADLYLLDSPFGYLDVLTEKEIFESCVCKLMANKTRILVTSKMEHLKKADKILILHEGSSYFYGTFSELQNLQPDFSSKLMGCDSFDQFSAERRNSILTETLHRFSLEGDAPVSWTETKKQSFKQTGEFGEKRKNSILNPINSIRKFSIVQKTPLQMNGIEEDSDEPLERRLSLVPDSEQGEAILPRISVISTGPTLQARRRQSVLNLMTHSVNQGQNIHRKTTASTRKVSLAPQANLTELDIYSRRLSQENGLEISEEINEEDLKECFFDDMESIPAVTTWNTYLRYITVHKSLIFVLIWCLVIFLAEVAASLVVLWLLGNTPLQDKGNSTHSRNNSYAVIITSTSSYYVFYIYVGVADTLLAMGFFRGLPLVHTLITVSKILHHKMLHSVLQAPMSTLNTLKAGGILNRFSKDIAILDDLLPLTIFDFIQLLLIVIGAIAVVAVLQPYIFVATVPVIVAFIMLRAYFLQTSQQLKQLESEGRSPIFTHLVTSLKGLWTLRAFGRQPYFETLFHKALNLHTANWFLYLSTLRWFQMRIEMIFVIFFIAVTFISILTTGEGEGRVGIILTLAMNIMSTLQWAVNSSIDVDSLMRSVSRVFKFIDMPTEGKPTKSTKPYKNGQLSKVMIIENSHVKKDDIWPSGGQMTVKDLTAKYTEGGNAILENISFSISPGQRVGLLGRTGSGKSTLLSAFLRLLNTEGEIQIDGVSWDSITLQQWRKAFGVIPQKVFIFSGTFRKNLDPYEQWSDQEIWKVADEVGLRSVIEQFPGKLDFVLVDGGCVLSHGHKQLMCLARSVLSKAKILLLDEPSAHLDPVTYQIIRRTLKQAFADCTVILCEHRIEAMLECQQFLVIEENKVRQYDSIQKLLNERSLFRQAISPSDRVKLFPHRNSSKCKSKPQIAALKEETEEEVQDTRL*
chr7:117592614:C/A:1	chr7	117592614	C|A	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000647720	coding	97	98	33	T>N	nonsyn	None	XRKTTASTRKVSLAPQANLTELDIYSRRLSQETGLEISEEINEEDLKECFFDDMESIPAVTTWNTYLRYITVHKSLIFVLIWCLVIFLAEVAASLVVLWLLGNTPLQDKGNSTHSRNNSYAVIITSTSSYYVFYIYVGVADTLLAMGFFRGLPLVHTLITVSKILHHKMLHSVLQAPMSTLNTLKAGGILNRFSKDIAILDDLLPLTIFDFIQLLLIVIGAIAVVAVLQPYIFVATVPVIVAFIMLRAYFLQTSQQLKQLESEGRSPIFTHLVTSLKGLWTLRAFGRQPYFETLFHKALNLHTANWFLYLSTLRWFQMRIEMIFVIFFIAVTFISILTTGEGEGRVGIILTLAMNIMSTLQWAVNSSIDVDSLMRSVSRVFKFIDMPTEGGPLGKNWIREEYFVISFFETTEH*|XRKTTASTRKVSLAPQANLTELDIYSRRLSQENGLEISEEINEEDLKECFFDDMESIPAVTTWNTYLRYITVHKSLIFVLIWCLVIFLAEVAASLVVLWLLGNTPLQDKGNSTHSRNNSYAVIITSTSSYYVFYIYVGVADTLLAMGFFRGLPLVHTLITVSKILHHKMLHSVLQAPMSTLNTLKAGGILNRFSKDIAILDDLLPLTIFDFIQLLLIVIGAIAVVAVLQPYIFVATVPVIVAFIMLRAYFLQTSQQLKQLESEGRSPIFTHLVTSLKGLWTLRAFGRQPYFETLFHKALNLHTANWFLYLSTLRWFQMRIEMIFVIFFIAVTFISILTTGEGEGRVGIILTLAMNIMSTLQWAVNSSIDVDSLMRSVSRVFKFIDMPTEGGPLGKNWIREEYFVISFFETTEH*
chr7:117592615:TGGCTTGG/T:1	chr7	117592616	GGCTTGG|-	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000648260	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	10210	None
chr7:117592615:TGGCTTGG/T:1	chr7	117592616	GGCTTGG|-	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000003084	coding	2581	2449	817	GLE>K*V	frameshift:stop-gain	None	MQRSPLEKASVVSKLFFSWTRPILRKGYRQRLELSDIYQIPSVDSADNLSEKLEREWDRELASKKNPKLINALRRCFFWRFMFYGIFLYLGEVTKAVQPLLLGRIIASYDPDNKEERSIAIYLGIGLCLLFIVRTLLLHPAIFGLHHIGMQMRIAMFSLIYKKTLKLSSRVLDKISIGQLVSLLSNNLNKFDEGLALAHFVWIAPLQVALLMGLIWELLQASAFCGLGFLIVLALFQAGLGRMMMKYRDQRAGKISERLVITSEMIENIQSVKAYCWEEAMEKMIENLRQTELKLTRKAAYVRYFNSSAFFFSGFFVVFLSVLPYALIKGIILRKIFTTISFCIVLRMAVTRQFPWAVQTWYDSLGAINKIQDFLQKQEYKTLEYNLTTTEVVMENVTAFWEEGFGELFEKAKQNNNNRKTSNGDDSLFFSNFSLLGTPVLKDINFKIERGQLLAVAGSTGAGKTSLLMVIMGELEPSEGKIKHSGRISFCSQFSWIMPGTIKENIIFGVSYDEYRYRSVIKACQLEEDISKFAEKDNIVLGEGGITLSGGQRARISLARAVYKDADLYLLDSPFGYLDVLTEKEIFESCVCKLMANKTRILVTSKMEHLKKADKILILHEGSSYFYGTFSELQNLQPDFSSKLMGCDSFDQFSAERRNSILTETLHRFSLEGDAPVSWTETKKQSFKQTGEFGEKRKNSILNPINSIRKFSIVQKTPLQMNGIEEDSDEPLERRLSLVPDSEQGEAILPRISVISTGPTLQARRRQSVLNLMTHSVNQGQNIHRKTTASTRKVSLAPQANLTELDIYSRRLSQETGLEISEEINEEDLKECFFDDMESIPAVTTWNTYLRYITVHKSLIFVLIWCLVIFLAEVAASLVVLWLLGNTPLQDKGNSTHSRNNSYAVIITSTSSYYVFYIYVGVADTLLAMGFFRGLPLVHTLITVSKILHHKMLHSVLQAPMSTLNTLKAGGILNRFSKDIAILDDLLPLTIFDFIQLLLIVIGAIAVVAVLQPYIFVATVPVIVAFIMLRAYFLQTSQQLKQLESEGRSPIFTHLVTSLKGLWTLRAFGRQPYFETLFHKALNLHTANWFLYLSTLRWFQMRIEMIFVIFFIAVTFISILTTGEGEGRVGIILTLAMNIMSTLQWAVNSSIDVDSLMRSVSRVFKFIDMPTEGKPTKSTKPYKNGQLSKVMIIENSHVKKDDIWPSGGQMTVKDLTAKYTEGGNAILENISFSISPGQRVGLLGRTGSGKSTLLSAFLRLLNTEGEIQIDGVSWDSITLQQWRKAFGVIPQKVFIFSGTFRKNLDPYEQWSDQEIWKVADEVGLRSVIEQFPGKLDFVLVDGGCVLSHGHKQLMCLARSVLSKAKILLLDEPSAHLDPVTYQIIRRTLKQAFADCTVILCEHRIEAMLECQQFLVIEENKVRQYDSIQKLLNERSLFRQAISPSDRVKLFPHRNSSKCKSKPQIAALKEETEEEVQDTRL*|MQRSPLEKASVVSKLFFSWTRPILRKGYRQRLELSDIYQIPSVDSADNLSEKLEREWDRELASKKNPKLINALRRCFFWRFMFYGIFLYLGEVTKAVQPLLLGRIIASYDPDNKEERSIAIYLGIGLCLLFIVRTLLLHPAIFGLHHIGMQMRIAMFSLIYKKTLKLSSRVLDKISIGQLVSLLSNNLNKFDEGLALAHFVWIAPLQVALLMGLIWELLQASAFCGLGFLIVLALFQAGLGRMMMKYRDQRAGKISERLVITSEMIENIQSVKAYCWEEAMEKMIENLRQTELKLTRKAAYVRYFNSSAFFFSGFFVVFLSVLPYALIKGIILRKIFTTISFCIVLRMAVTRQFPWAVQTWYDSLGAINKIQDFLQKQEYKTLEYNLTTTEVVMENVTAFWEEGFGELFEKAKQNNNNRKTSNGDDSLFFSNFSLLGTPVLKDINFKIERGQLLAVAGSTGAGKTSLLMVIMGELEPSEGKIKHSGRISFCSQFSWIMPGTIKENIIFGVSYDEYRYRSVIKACQLEEDISKFAEKDNIVLGEGGITLSGGQRARISLARAVYKDADLYLLDSPFGYLDVLTEKEIFESCVCKLMANKTRILVTSKMEHLKKADKILILHEGSSYFYGTFSELQNLQPDFSSKLMGCDSFDQFSAERRNSILTETLHRFSLEGDAPVSWTETKKQSFKQTGEFGEKRKNSILNPINSIRKFSIVQKTPLQMNGIEEDSDEPLERRLSLVPDSEQGEAILPRISVISTGPTLQARRRQSVLNLMTHSVNQGQNIHRKTTASTRKVSLAPQANLTELDIYSRRLSQETK*
chr7:117592615:TGGCTTGG/T:1	chr7	117592616	GGCTTGG|-	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000426809	coding	2359	2359	787	GLE>K*V	*frameshift:stop-gain	None	MQRSPLEKASVVSKLFFSWTRPILRKGYRQRLELSDIYQIPSVDSADNLSEKLEREWDRELASKKNPKLINALRRCFFWRFMFYGIFLYLGEVTKAVQPLLLGRIIASYDPDNKEERSIAIYLGIGLCLLFIVRTLLLHPAIFGLHHIGMQMRIAMFSLIYKKGLALAHFVWIAPLQVALLMGLIWELLQASAFCGLGFLIVLALFQAGLGRMMMKYRDQRAGKISERLVITSEMIENIQSVKAYCWEEAMEKMIENLRQTELKLTRKAAYVRYFNSSAFFFSGFFVVFLSVLPYALIKGIILRKIFTTISFCIVLRMAVTRQFPWAVQTWYDSLGAINKIQDFLQKQEYKTLEYNLTTTEVVMENVTAFWEEGFGELFEKAKQNNNNRKTSNGDDSLFFSNFSLLGTPVLKDINFKIERGQLLAVAGSTGAGKTSLLMVIMGELEPSEGKIKHSGRISFCSQFSWIMPGTIKENIIFGVSYDEYRYRSVIKACQLEEDISKFAEKDNIVLGEGGITLSGGQRARISLARAVYKDADLYLLDSPFGYLDVLTEKEIFESCVCKLMANKTRILVTSKMEHLKKADKILILHEGSSYFYGTFSELQNLQPDFSSKLMGCDSFDQFSAERRNSILTETLHRFSLEGDAPVSWTETKKQSFKQTGEFGEKRKNSILNPINSIRKFSIVQKTPLQMNGIEEDSDEPLERRLSLVPDSEQGEAILPRISVISTGPTLQARRRQSVLNLMTHSVNQGQNIHRKTTASTRKVSLAPQANLTELDIYSRRLSQETGLEISEEINEEDLKECFFDDMESIPAVTTWNTYLRYITVHKSLIFVLIWCLVIFLAEVAASLVVLWLLGNTPLQDKGNSTHSRNNSYAVIITSTSSYYVFYIYVGVADTLLAMGFFRGLPLVHTLITVSKILHHKMLHSVLQAPMSTLNTLKAGGILNRFSKDIAILDDLLPLTIFDFIQLLLIVIGAIAVVAVLQPYIFVATVPVIVAFIMLRAYFLQTSQQLKQLESEGRSPIFTHLVTSLKGLWTLRAFGRQPYFETLFHKALNLHTANWFLYLSTLRWFQMRIEMIFVIFFIAVTFISILTTGEGEGRVGIILTLAMNIMSTLQWAVNSSIDVDSLMRSVSRVFKFIDMPTEGKPTKSTKPYKNGQLSKVMIIENSHVKKDDIWPSGGQMTVKDLTAKYTEGGNAILENISFSISPGQRVGLLGRTGSGKSTLLSAFLRLLNTEGEIQIDGVSWDSITLQQWRKAFGVIPQKVFIFSGTFRKNLDPYEQWSDQEIWKVADEVGLRSVIEQFPGKLDFVLVDGGCVLSHGHKQLMCLARSVLSKAKILLLDEPSAHLDPVTYQIIRRTLKQAFADCTVILCEHRIEAMLECQQFLVIEENKVRQYDSIQKLLNERSLFRQAISPSDRVKLFPHRNSSKCKSKPQIAALK|MQRSPLEKASVVSKLFFSWTRPILRKGYRQRLELSDIYQIPSVDSADNLSEKLEREWDRELASKKNPKLINALRRCFFWRFMFYGIFLYLGEVTKAVQPLLLGRIIASYDPDNKEERSIAIYLGIGLCLLFIVRTLLLHPAIFGLHHIGMQMRIAMFSLIYKKGLALAHFVWIAPLQVALLMGLIWELLQASAFCGLGFLIVLALFQAGLGRMMMKYRDQRAGKISERLVITSEMIENIQSVKAYCWEEAMEKMIENLRQTELKLTRKAAYVRYFNSSAFFFSGFFVVFLSVLPYALIKGIILRKIFTTISFCIVLRMAVTRQFPWAVQTWYDSLGAINKIQDFLQKQEYKTLEYNLTTTEVVMENVTAFWEEGFGELFEKAKQNNNNRKTSNGDDSLFFSNFSLLGTPVLKDINFKIERGQLLAVAGSTGAGKTSLLMVIMGELEPSEGKIKHSGRISFCSQFSWIMPGTIKENIIFGVSYDEYRYRSVIKACQLEEDISKFAEKDNIVLGEGGITLSGGQRARISLARAVYKDADLYLLDSPFGYLDVLTEKEIFESCVCKLMANKTRILVTSKMEHLKKADKILILHEGSSYFYGTFSELQNLQPDFSSKLMGCDSFDQFSAERRNSILTETLHRFSLEGDAPVSWTETKKQSFKQTGEFGEKRKNSILNPINSIRKFSIVQKTPLQMNGIEEDSDEPLERRLSLVPDSEQGEAILPRISVISTGPTLQARRRQSVLNLMTHSVNQGQNIHRKTTASTRKVSLAPQANLTELDIYSRRLSQETK*
chr7:117592615:TGGCTTGG/T:1	chr7	117592616	GGCTTGG|-	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000647978	3utr	2424	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr7:117592615:TGGCTTGG/T:1	chr7	117592616	GGCTTGG|-	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000649406	coding	2350	2266	756	GLE>K*V	frameshift:stop-gain	None	MQRSPLEKASVVSKLFFSWTRPILRKGYRQRLELSDIYQIPSVDSADNLSEKLEREWDRELASKKNPKLINALRRCFFWRFMFYGIFLYLGEVTKAVQPLLLGRIIASYDPDNKEERSIAIYLGIGLCLLFIVRTLLLHPAIFGLHHIGMQMRIAMFSLIYKKTLKLSSRVLDKISIGQLVSLLSNNLNKFDEGLALAHFVWIAPLQVALLMGLIWELLQASAFCGLGFLIVLALFQAGLGRMMMKYRDQRAGKISERLVITSEMIENIQSVKAYCWEEAMEKMIENLRQTELKLTRKAAYVRYFNSSAFFFSGFFVVFLSVLPYALIKGIILRKIFTTISFCIVLRMAVTRQFPWAVQTWYDSLGAINKIQDFLQKQEYKTLEYNLTTTEVVMENVTAFWEETSLLMVIMGELEPSEGKIKHSGRISFCSQFSWIMPGTIKENIIFGVSYDEYRYRSVIKACQLEEDISKFAEKDNIVLGEGGITLSGGQRARISLARAVYKDADLYLLDSPFGYLDVLTEKEIFESCVCKLMANKTRILVTSKMEHLKKADKILILHEGSSYFYGTFSELQNLQPDFSSKLMGCDSFDQFSAERRNSILTETLHRFSLEGDAPVSWTETKKQSFKQTGEFGEKRKNSILNPINSIRKFSIVQKTPLQMNGIEEDSDEPLERRLSLVPDSEQGEAILPRISVISTGPTLQARRRQSVLNLMTHSVNQGQNIHRKTTASTRKVSLAPQANLTELDIYSRRLSQETGLEISEEINEEDLKECFFDDMESIPAVTTWNTYLRYITVHKSLIFVLIWCLVIFLAEVAASLVVLWLLGNTPLQDKGNSTHSRNNSYAVIITSTSSYYVFYIYVGVADTLLAMGFFRGLPLVHTLITVSKILHHKMLHSVLQAPMSTLNTLKAGGILNRFSKDIAILDDLLPLTIFDFIQLLLIVIGAIAVVAVLQPYIFVATVPVIVAFIMLRAYFLQTSQQLKQLESEGRSPIFTHLVTSLKGLWTLRAFGRQPYFETLFHKALNLHTANWFLYLSTLRWFQMRIEMIFVIFFIAVTFISILTTGEGEGRVGIILTLAMNIMSTLQWAVNSSIDVDSLMRSVSRVFKFIDMPTEGKPTKSTKPYKNGQLSKVMIIENSHVKKDDIWPSGGQMTVKDLTAKYTEGGNAILENISFSISPGQRVRFEHCLLC*|MQRSPLEKASVVSKLFFSWTRPILRKGYRQRLELSDIYQIPSVDSADNLSEKLEREWDRELASKKNPKLINALRRCFFWRFMFYGIFLYLGEVTKAVQPLLLGRIIASYDPDNKEERSIAIYLGIGLCLLFIVRTLLLHPAIFGLHHIGMQMRIAMFSLIYKKTLKLSSRVLDKISIGQLVSLLSNNLNKFDEGLALAHFVWIAPLQVALLMGLIWELLQASAFCGLGFLIVLALFQAGLGRMMMKYRDQRAGKISERLVITSEMIENIQSVKAYCWEEAMEKMIENLRQTELKLTRKAAYVRYFNSSAFFFSGFFVVFLSVLPYALIKGIILRKIFTTISFCIVLRMAVTRQFPWAVQTWYDSLGAINKIQDFLQKQEYKTLEYNLTTTEVVMENVTAFWEETSLLMVIMGELEPSEGKIKHSGRISFCSQFSWIMPGTIKENIIFGVSYDEYRYRSVIKACQLEEDISKFAEKDNIVLGEGGITLSGGQRARISLARAVYKDADLYLLDSPFGYLDVLTEKEIFESCVCKLMANKTRILVTSKMEHLKKADKILILHEGSSYFYGTFSELQNLQPDFSSKLMGCDSFDQFSAERRNSILTETLHRFSLEGDAPVSWTETKKQSFKQTGEFGEKRKNSILNPINSIRKFSIVQKTPLQMNGIEEDSDEPLERRLSLVPDSEQGEAILPRISVISTGPTLQARRRQSVLNLMTHSVNQGQNIHRKTTASTRKVSLAPQANLTELDIYSRRLSQETK*
chr7:117592615:TGGCTTGG/T:1	chr7	117592616	GGCTTGG|-	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000649781	coding	2266	2266	756	GLE>K*V	frameshift:stop-gain	None	MQRSPLEKASVVSKLFFSWTRPILRKGYRQRLELSDIYQIPSVDSADNLSEKLEREWDRELASKKNPKLINALRRCFFWRFMFYGIFLYLGEVTKAVQPLLLGRIIASYDPDNKEERSIAIYLGIGLCLLFIVRTLLLHPAIFGLHHIGMQMRIAMFSLIYKKTLKLSSRVLDKISIGQLVSLLSNNLNKFDEGLALAHFVWIAPLQVALLMGLIWELLQASAFCGLGFLIVLALFQAGLGRMMMKYRDQRAGKISERLVITSEMIENIQSVKAYCWEEAMEKMIENLRQTELKLTRKAAYVRYFNSSAFFFSGFFVVFLSVLPYALIKGIILRKIFTTISFCIVLRMAVTRQFPWAVQTWYDSLGAINKIQDFLQKQEYKTLEYNLTTTEVVMENVTAFWEETSLLMVIMGELEPSEGKIKHSGRISFCSQFSWIMPGTIKENIIFGVSYDEYRYRSVIKACQLEEDISKFAEKDNIVLGEGGITLSGGQRARISLARAVYKDADLYLLDSPFGYLDVLTEKEIFESCVCKLMANKTRILVTSKMEHLKKADKILILHEGSSYFYGTFSELQNLQPDFSSKLMGCDSFDQFSAERRNSILTETLHRFSLEGDAPVSWTETKKQSFKQTGEFGEKRKNSILNPINSIRKFSIVQKTPLQMNGIEEDSDEPLERRLSLVPDSEQGEAILPRISVISTGPTLQARRRQSVLNLMTHSVNQGQNIHRKTTASTRKVSLAPQANLTELDIYSRRLSQETGLEISEEINEEDLKECFFDDMESIPAVTTWNTYLRYITVHKSLIFVLIWCLVIFLAEVAASLVVLWLLGNTPLQDKGNSTHSRNNSYAVIITSTSSYYVFYIYVGVADTLLAMGFFRGLPLVHTLITVSKILHHKMLHSVLQAPMSTLNTLKAGGILNRFSKDIAILDDLLPLTIFDFIQLLLIVIGAIAVVAVLQPYIFVATVPVIVAFIMLRAYFLQTSQQLKQLESEGRSPIFTHLVTSLKGLWTLRAFGRQPYFETLFHKALNLHTANWFLYLSTLRWFQMRIEMIFVIFFIAVTFISILTTGEGEGRVGIILTLAMNIMSTLQWAVNSSIDVDSLMRSVSRVFKFIDMPTEGKPTKSTKPYKNGQLSKVMIIENSHVKKDDIWPSGGQMTVKDLTAKYTEGGNAILENISFSISPGQRVGLLGRTGSGKSTLLSAFLRLLNTEGEIQIDGVSWDSITLQQWRKAFGVIPQKVFIFSGTFRKNLDPYEQWSDQEIWKVADEVGLRSVIEQFPGKLDFVLVDGGCVLSHGHKQLMCLARSVLSKAKILLLDEPSAHLDPVTYQIIRRTLKQAFADCTVILCEHRIEAMLECQQFLVIEENKVRQYDSIQKLLNERSLFRQAISPSDRVKLFPHRNSSKCKSKPQIAALKEETEEEVQDTRL*|MQRSPLEKASVVSKLFFSWTRPILRKGYRQRLELSDIYQIPSVDSADNLSEKLEREWDRELASKKNPKLINALRRCFFWRFMFYGIFLYLGEVTKAVQPLLLGRIIASYDPDNKEERSIAIYLGIGLCLLFIVRTLLLHPAIFGLHHIGMQMRIAMFSLIYKKTLKLSSRVLDKISIGQLVSLLSNNLNKFDEGLALAHFVWIAPLQVALLMGLIWELLQASAFCGLGFLIVLALFQAGLGRMMMKYRDQRAGKISERLVITSEMIENIQSVKAYCWEEAMEKMIENLRQTELKLTRKAAYVRYFNSSAFFFSGFFVVFLSVLPYALIKGIILRKIFTTISFCIVLRMAVTRQFPWAVQTWYDSLGAINKIQDFLQKQEYKTLEYNLTTTEVVMENVTAFWEETSLLMVIMGELEPSEGKIKHSGRISFCSQFSWIMPGTIKENIIFGVSYDEYRYRSVIKACQLEEDISKFAEKDNIVLGEGGITLSGGQRARISLARAVYKDADLYLLDSPFGYLDVLTEKEIFESCVCKLMANKTRILVTSKMEHLKKADKILILHEGSSYFYGTFSELQNLQPDFSSKLMGCDSFDQFSAERRNSILTETLHRFSLEGDAPVSWTETKKQSFKQTGEFGEKRKNSILNPINSIRKFSIVQKTPLQMNGIEEDSDEPLERRLSLVPDSEQGEAILPRISVISTGPTLQARRRQSVLNLMTHSVNQGQNIHRKTTASTRKVSLAPQANLTELDIYSRRLSQETK*
chr7:117592615:TGGCTTGG/T:1	chr7	117592616	GGCTTGG|-	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000647720	coding	99	100	34	GLE>K*V	frameshift:stop-gain	None	XRKTTASTRKVSLAPQANLTELDIYSRRLSQETGLEISEEINEEDLKECFFDDMESIPAVTTWNTYLRYITVHKSLIFVLIWCLVIFLAEVAASLVVLWLLGNTPLQDKGNSTHSRNNSYAVIITSTSSYYVFYIYVGVADTLLAMGFFRGLPLVHTLITVSKILHHKMLHSVLQAPMSTLNTLKAGGILNRFSKDIAILDDLLPLTIFDFIQLLLIVIGAIAVVAVLQPYIFVATVPVIVAFIMLRAYFLQTSQQLKQLESEGRSPIFTHLVTSLKGLWTLRAFGRQPYFETLFHKALNLHTANWFLYLSTLRWFQMRIEMIFVIFFIAVTFISILTTGEGEGRVGIILTLAMNIMSTLQWAVNSSIDVDSLMRSVSRVFKFIDMPTEGGPLGKNWIREEYFVISFFETTEH*|XRKTTASTRKVSLAPQANLTELDIYSRRLSQETK*
chr7:117592628:A/AGT:1	chr7	117592629	-|GT	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000648260	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	10197	None
chr7:117592628:A/AGT:1	chr7	117592629	-|GT	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000003084	coding	2594	2462	821	S>S	frameshift:stop-gain	None	MQRSPLEKASVVSKLFFSWTRPILRKGYRQRLELSDIYQIPSVDSADNLSEKLEREWDRELASKKNPKLINALRRCFFWRFMFYGIFLYLGEVTKAVQPLLLGRIIASYDPDNKEERSIAIYLGIGLCLLFIVRTLLLHPAIFGLHHIGMQMRIAMFSLIYKKTLKLSSRVLDKISIGQLVSLLSNNLNKFDEGLALAHFVWIAPLQVALLMGLIWELLQASAFCGLGFLIVLALFQAGLGRMMMKYRDQRAGKISERLVITSEMIENIQSVKAYCWEEAMEKMIENLRQTELKLTRKAAYVRYFNSSAFFFSGFFVVFLSVLPYALIKGIILRKIFTTISFCIVLRMAVTRQFPWAVQTWYDSLGAINKIQDFLQKQEYKTLEYNLTTTEVVMENVTAFWEEGFGELFEKAKQNNNNRKTSNGDDSLFFSNFSLLGTPVLKDINFKIERGQLLAVAGSTGAGKTSLLMVIMGELEPSEGKIKHSGRISFCSQFSWIMPGTIKENIIFGVSYDEYRYRSVIKACQLEEDISKFAEKDNIVLGEGGITLSGGQRARISLARAVYKDADLYLLDSPFGYLDVLTEKEIFESCVCKLMANKTRILVTSKMEHLKKADKILILHEGSSYFYGTFSELQNLQPDFSSKLMGCDSFDQFSAERRNSILTETLHRFSLEGDAPVSWTETKKQSFKQTGEFGEKRKNSILNPINSIRKFSIVQKTPLQMNGIEEDSDEPLERRLSLVPDSEQGEAILPRISVISTGPTLQARRRQSVLNLMTHSVNQGQNIHRKTTASTRKVSLAPQANLTELDIYSRRLSQETGLEISEEINEEDLKECFFDDMESIPAVTTWNTYLRYITVHKSLIFVLIWCLVIFLAEVAASLVVLWLLGNTPLQDKGNSTHSRNNSYAVIITSTSSYYVFYIYVGVADTLLAMGFFRGLPLVHTLITVSKILHHKMLHSVLQAPMSTLNTLKAGGILNRFSKDIAILDDLLPLTIFDFIQLLLIVIGAIAVVAVLQPYIFVATVPVIVAFIMLRAYFLQTSQQLKQLESEGRSPIFTHLVTSLKGLWTLRAFGRQPYFETLFHKALNLHTANWFLYLSTLRWFQMRIEMIFVIFFIAVTFISILTTGEGEGRVGIILTLAMNIMSTLQWAVNSSIDVDSLMRSVSRVFKFIDMPTEGKPTKSTKPYKNGQLSKVMIIENSHVKKDDIWPSGGQMTVKDLTAKYTEGGNAILENISFSISPGQRVGLLGRTGSGKSTLLSAFLRLLNTEGEIQIDGVSWDSITLQQWRKAFGVIPQKVFIFSGTFRKNLDPYEQWSDQEIWKVADEVGLRSVIEQFPGKLDFVLVDGGCVLSHGHKQLMCLARSVLSKAKILLLDEPSAHLDPVTYQIIRRTLKQAFADCTVILCEHRIEAMLECQQFLVIEENKVRQYDSIQKLLNERSLFRQAISPSDRVKLFPHRNSSKCKSKPQIAALKEETEEEVQDTRL*|MQRSPLEKASVVSKLFFSWTRPILRKGYRQRLELSDIYQIPSVDSADNLSEKLEREWDRELASKKNPKLINALRRCFFWRFMFYGIFLYLGEVTKAVQPLLLGRIIASYDPDNKEERSIAIYLGIGLCLLFIVRTLLLHPAIFGLHHIGMQMRIAMFSLIYKKTLKLSSRVLDKISIGQLVSLLSNNLNKFDEGLALAHFVWIAPLQVALLMGLIWELLQASAFCGLGFLIVLALFQAGLGRMMMKYRDQRAGKISERLVITSEMIENIQSVKAYCWEEAMEKMIENLRQTELKLTRKAAYVRYFNSSAFFFSGFFVVFLSVLPYALIKGIILRKIFTTISFCIVLRMAVTRQFPWAVQTWYDSLGAINKIQDFLQKQEYKTLEYNLTTTEVVMENVTAFWEEGFGELFEKAKQNNNNRKTSNGDDSLFFSNFSLLGTPVLKDINFKIERGQLLAVAGSTGAGKTSLLMVIMGELEPSEGKIKHSGRISFCSQFSWIMPGTIKENIIFGVSYDEYRYRSVIKACQLEEDISKFAEKDNIVLGEGGITLSGGQRARISLARAVYKDADLYLLDSPFGYLDVLTEKEIFESCVCKLMANKTRILVTSKMEHLKKADKILILHEGSSYFYGTFSELQNLQPDFSSKLMGCDSFDQFSAERRNSILTETLHRFSLEGDAPVSWTETKKQSFKQTGEFGEKRKNSILNPINSIRKFSIVQKTPLQMNGIEEDSDEPLERRLSLVPDSEQGEAILPRISVISTGPTLQARRRQSVLNLMTHSVNQGQNIHRKTTASTRKVSLAPQANLTELDIYSRRLSQETGLEISVKKLTKKT*
chr7:117592628:A/AGT:1	chr7	117592629	-|GT	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000426809	coding	2372	2372	791	S>S	*frameshift:stop-gain	None	MQRSPLEKASVVSKLFFSWTRPILRKGYRQRLELSDIYQIPSVDSADNLSEKLEREWDRELASKKNPKLINALRRCFFWRFMFYGIFLYLGEVTKAVQPLLLGRIIASYDPDNKEERSIAIYLGIGLCLLFIVRTLLLHPAIFGLHHIGMQMRIAMFSLIYKKGLALAHFVWIAPLQVALLMGLIWELLQASAFCGLGFLIVLALFQAGLGRMMMKYRDQRAGKISERLVITSEMIENIQSVKAYCWEEAMEKMIENLRQTELKLTRKAAYVRYFNSSAFFFSGFFVVFLSVLPYALIKGIILRKIFTTISFCIVLRMAVTRQFPWAVQTWYDSLGAINKIQDFLQKQEYKTLEYNLTTTEVVMENVTAFWEEGFGELFEKAKQNNNNRKTSNGDDSLFFSNFSLLGTPVLKDINFKIERGQLLAVAGSTGAGKTSLLMVIMGELEPSEGKIKHSGRISFCSQFSWIMPGTIKENIIFGVSYDEYRYRSVIKACQLEEDISKFAEKDNIVLGEGGITLSGGQRARISLARAVYKDADLYLLDSPFGYLDVLTEKEIFESCVCKLMANKTRILVTSKMEHLKKADKILILHEGSSYFYGTFSELQNLQPDFSSKLMGCDSFDQFSAERRNSILTETLHRFSLEGDAPVSWTETKKQSFKQTGEFGEKRKNSILNPINSIRKFSIVQKTPLQMNGIEEDSDEPLERRLSLVPDSEQGEAILPRISVISTGPTLQARRRQSVLNLMTHSVNQGQNIHRKTTASTRKVSLAPQANLTELDIYSRRLSQETGLEISEEINEEDLKECFFDDMESIPAVTTWNTYLRYITVHKSLIFVLIWCLVIFLAEVAASLVVLWLLGNTPLQDKGNSTHSRNNSYAVIITSTSSYYVFYIYVGVADTLLAMGFFRGLPLVHTLITVSKILHHKMLHSVLQAPMSTLNTLKAGGILNRFSKDIAILDDLLPLTIFDFIQLLLIVIGAIAVVAVLQPYIFVATVPVIVAFIMLRAYFLQTSQQLKQLESEGRSPIFTHLVTSLKGLWTLRAFGRQPYFETLFHKALNLHTANWFLYLSTLRWFQMRIEMIFVIFFIAVTFISILTTGEGEGRVGIILTLAMNIMSTLQWAVNSSIDVDSLMRSVSRVFKFIDMPTEGKPTKSTKPYKNGQLSKVMIIENSHVKKDDIWPSGGQMTVKDLTAKYTEGGNAILENISFSISPGQRVGLLGRTGSGKSTLLSAFLRLLNTEGEIQIDGVSWDSITLQQWRKAFGVIPQKVFIFSGTFRKNLDPYEQWSDQEIWKVADEVGLRSVIEQFPGKLDFVLVDGGCVLSHGHKQLMCLARSVLSKAKILLLDEPSAHLDPVTYQIIRRTLKQAFADCTVILCEHRIEAMLECQQFLVIEENKVRQYDSIQKLLNERSLFRQAISPSDRVKLFPHRNSSKCKSKPQIAALK|MQRSPLEKASVVSKLFFSWTRPILRKGYRQRLELSDIYQIPSVDSADNLSEKLEREWDRELASKKNPKLINALRRCFFWRFMFYGIFLYLGEVTKAVQPLLLGRIIASYDPDNKEERSIAIYLGIGLCLLFIVRTLLLHPAIFGLHHIGMQMRIAMFSLIYKKGLALAHFVWIAPLQVALLMGLIWELLQASAFCGLGFLIVLALFQAGLGRMMMKYRDQRAGKISERLVITSEMIENIQSVKAYCWEEAMEKMIENLRQTELKLTRKAAYVRYFNSSAFFFSGFFVVFLSVLPYALIKGIILRKIFTTISFCIVLRMAVTRQFPWAVQTWYDSLGAINKIQDFLQKQEYKTLEYNLTTTEVVMENVTAFWEEGFGELFEKAKQNNNNRKTSNGDDSLFFSNFSLLGTPVLKDINFKIERGQLLAVAGSTGAGKTSLLMVIMGELEPSEGKIKHSGRISFCSQFSWIMPGTIKENIIFGVSYDEYRYRSVIKACQLEEDISKFAEKDNIVLGEGGITLSGGQRARISLARAVYKDADLYLLDSPFGYLDVLTEKEIFESCVCKLMANKTRILVTSKMEHLKKADKILILHEGSSYFYGTFSELQNLQPDFSSKLMGCDSFDQFSAERRNSILTETLHRFSLEGDAPVSWTETKKQSFKQTGEFGEKRKNSILNPINSIRKFSIVQKTPLQMNGIEEDSDEPLERRLSLVPDSEQGEAILPRISVISTGPTLQARRRQSVLNLMTHSVNQGQNIHRKTTASTRKVSLAPQANLTELDIYSRRLSQETGLEISVKKLTKKT*
chr7:117592628:A/AGT:1	chr7	117592629	-|GT	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000647978	3utr	2437	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr7:117592628:A/AGT:1	chr7	117592629	-|GT	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000649406	coding	2363	2279	760	S>S	frameshift:stop-gain	None	MQRSPLEKASVVSKLFFSWTRPILRKGYRQRLELSDIYQIPSVDSADNLSEKLEREWDRELASKKNPKLINALRRCFFWRFMFYGIFLYLGEVTKAVQPLLLGRIIASYDPDNKEERSIAIYLGIGLCLLFIVRTLLLHPAIFGLHHIGMQMRIAMFSLIYKKTLKLSSRVLDKISIGQLVSLLSNNLNKFDEGLALAHFVWIAPLQVALLMGLIWELLQASAFCGLGFLIVLALFQAGLGRMMMKYRDQRAGKISERLVITSEMIENIQSVKAYCWEEAMEKMIENLRQTELKLTRKAAYVRYFNSSAFFFSGFFVVFLSVLPYALIKGIILRKIFTTISFCIVLRMAVTRQFPWAVQTWYDSLGAINKIQDFLQKQEYKTLEYNLTTTEVVMENVTAFWEETSLLMVIMGELEPSEGKIKHSGRISFCSQFSWIMPGTIKENIIFGVSYDEYRYRSVIKACQLEEDISKFAEKDNIVLGEGGITLSGGQRARISLARAVYKDADLYLLDSPFGYLDVLTEKEIFESCVCKLMANKTRILVTSKMEHLKKADKILILHEGSSYFYGTFSELQNLQPDFSSKLMGCDSFDQFSAERRNSILTETLHRFSLEGDAPVSWTETKKQSFKQTGEFGEKRKNSILNPINSIRKFSIVQKTPLQMNGIEEDSDEPLERRLSLVPDSEQGEAILPRISVISTGPTLQARRRQSVLNLMTHSVNQGQNIHRKTTASTRKVSLAPQANLTELDIYSRRLSQETGLEISEEINEEDLKECFFDDMESIPAVTTWNTYLRYITVHKSLIFVLIWCLVIFLAEVAASLVVLWLLGNTPLQDKGNSTHSRNNSYAVIITSTSSYYVFYIYVGVADTLLAMGFFRGLPLVHTLITVSKILHHKMLHSVLQAPMSTLNTLKAGGILNRFSKDIAILDDLLPLTIFDFIQLLLIVIGAIAVVAVLQPYIFVATVPVIVAFIMLRAYFLQTSQQLKQLESEGRSPIFTHLVTSLKGLWTLRAFGRQPYFETLFHKALNLHTANWFLYLSTLRWFQMRIEMIFVIFFIAVTFISILTTGEGEGRVGIILTLAMNIMSTLQWAVNSSIDVDSLMRSVSRVFKFIDMPTEGKPTKSTKPYKNGQLSKVMIIENSHVKKDDIWPSGGQMTVKDLTAKYTEGGNAILENISFSISPGQRVRFEHCLLC*|MQRSPLEKASVVSKLFFSWTRPILRKGYRQRLELSDIYQIPSVDSADNLSEKLEREWDRELASKKNPKLINALRRCFFWRFMFYGIFLYLGEVTKAVQPLLLGRIIASYDPDNKEERSIAIYLGIGLCLLFIVRTLLLHPAIFGLHHIGMQMRIAMFSLIYKKTLKLSSRVLDKISIGQLVSLLSNNLNKFDEGLALAHFVWIAPLQVALLMGLIWELLQASAFCGLGFLIVLALFQAGLGRMMMKYRDQRAGKISERLVITSEMIENIQSVKAYCWEEAMEKMIENLRQTELKLTRKAAYVRYFNSSAFFFSGFFVVFLSVLPYALIKGIILRKIFTTISFCIVLRMAVTRQFPWAVQTWYDSLGAINKIQDFLQKQEYKTLEYNLTTTEVVMENVTAFWEETSLLMVIMGELEPSEGKIKHSGRISFCSQFSWIMPGTIKENIIFGVSYDEYRYRSVIKACQLEEDISKFAEKDNIVLGEGGITLSGGQRARISLARAVYKDADLYLLDSPFGYLDVLTEKEIFESCVCKLMANKTRILVTSKMEHLKKADKILILHEGSSYFYGTFSELQNLQPDFSSKLMGCDSFDQFSAERRNSILTETLHRFSLEGDAPVSWTETKKQSFKQTGEFGEKRKNSILNPINSIRKFSIVQKTPLQMNGIEEDSDEPLERRLSLVPDSEQGEAILPRISVISTGPTLQARRRQSVLNLMTHSVNQGQNIHRKTTASTRKVSLAPQANLTELDIYSRRLSQETGLEISVKKLTKKT*
chr7:117592628:A/AGT:1	chr7	117592629	-|GT	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000649781	coding	2279	2279	760	S>S	frameshift:stop-gain	None	MQRSPLEKASVVSKLFFSWTRPILRKGYRQRLELSDIYQIPSVDSADNLSEKLEREWDRELASKKNPKLINALRRCFFWRFMFYGIFLYLGEVTKAVQPLLLGRIIASYDPDNKEERSIAIYLGIGLCLLFIVRTLLLHPAIFGLHHIGMQMRIAMFSLIYKKTLKLSSRVLDKISIGQLVSLLSNNLNKFDEGLALAHFVWIAPLQVALLMGLIWELLQASAFCGLGFLIVLALFQAGLGRMMMKYRDQRAGKISERLVITSEMIENIQSVKAYCWEEAMEKMIENLRQTELKLTRKAAYVRYFNSSAFFFSGFFVVFLSVLPYALIKGIILRKIFTTISFCIVLRMAVTRQFPWAVQTWYDSLGAINKIQDFLQKQEYKTLEYNLTTTEVVMENVTAFWEETSLLMVIMGELEPSEGKIKHSGRISFCSQFSWIMPGTIKENIIFGVSYDEYRYRSVIKACQLEEDISKFAEKDNIVLGEGGITLSGGQRARISLARAVYKDADLYLLDSPFGYLDVLTEKEIFESCVCKLMANKTRILVTSKMEHLKKADKILILHEGSSYFYGTFSELQNLQPDFSSKLMGCDSFDQFSAERRNSILTETLHRFSLEGDAPVSWTETKKQSFKQTGEFGEKRKNSILNPINSIRKFSIVQKTPLQMNGIEEDSDEPLERRLSLVPDSEQGEAILPRISVISTGPTLQARRRQSVLNLMTHSVNQGQNIHRKTTASTRKVSLAPQANLTELDIYSRRLSQETGLEISEEINEEDLKECFFDDMESIPAVTTWNTYLRYITVHKSLIFVLIWCLVIFLAEVAASLVVLWLLGNTPLQDKGNSTHSRNNSYAVIITSTSSYYVFYIYVGVADTLLAMGFFRGLPLVHTLITVSKILHHKMLHSVLQAPMSTLNTLKAGGILNRFSKDIAILDDLLPLTIFDFIQLLLIVIGAIAVVAVLQPYIFVATVPVIVAFIMLRAYFLQTSQQLKQLESEGRSPIFTHLVTSLKGLWTLRAFGRQPYFETLFHKALNLHTANWFLYLSTLRWFQMRIEMIFVIFFIAVTFISILTTGEGEGRVGIILTLAMNIMSTLQWAVNSSIDVDSLMRSVSRVFKFIDMPTEGKPTKSTKPYKNGQLSKVMIIENSHVKKDDIWPSGGQMTVKDLTAKYTEGGNAILENISFSISPGQRVGLLGRTGSGKSTLLSAFLRLLNTEGEIQIDGVSWDSITLQQWRKAFGVIPQKVFIFSGTFRKNLDPYEQWSDQEIWKVADEVGLRSVIEQFPGKLDFVLVDGGCVLSHGHKQLMCLARSVLSKAKILLLDEPSAHLDPVTYQIIRRTLKQAFADCTVILCEHRIEAMLECQQFLVIEENKVRQYDSIQKLLNERSLFRQAISPSDRVKLFPHRNSSKCKSKPQIAALKEETEEEVQDTRL*|MQRSPLEKASVVSKLFFSWTRPILRKGYRQRLELSDIYQIPSVDSADNLSEKLEREWDRELASKKNPKLINALRRCFFWRFMFYGIFLYLGEVTKAVQPLLLGRIIASYDPDNKEERSIAIYLGIGLCLLFIVRTLLLHPAIFGLHHIGMQMRIAMFSLIYKKTLKLSSRVLDKISIGQLVSLLSNNLNKFDEGLALAHFVWIAPLQVALLMGLIWELLQASAFCGLGFLIVLALFQAGLGRMMMKYRDQRAGKISERLVITSEMIENIQSVKAYCWEEAMEKMIENLRQTELKLTRKAAYVRYFNSSAFFFSGFFVVFLSVLPYALIKGIILRKIFTTISFCIVLRMAVTRQFPWAVQTWYDSLGAINKIQDFLQKQEYKTLEYNLTTTEVVMENVTAFWEETSLLMVIMGELEPSEGKIKHSGRISFCSQFSWIMPGTIKENIIFGVSYDEYRYRSVIKACQLEEDISKFAEKDNIVLGEGGITLSGGQRARISLARAVYKDADLYLLDSPFGYLDVLTEKEIFESCVCKLMANKTRILVTSKMEHLKKADKILILHEGSSYFYGTFSELQNLQPDFSSKLMGCDSFDQFSAERRNSILTETLHRFSLEGDAPVSWTETKKQSFKQTGEFGEKRKNSILNPINSIRKFSIVQKTPLQMNGIEEDSDEPLERRLSLVPDSEQGEAILPRISVISTGPTLQARRRQSVLNLMTHSVNQGQNIHRKTTASTRKVSLAPQANLTELDIYSRRLSQETGLEISVKKLTKKT*
chr7:117592628:A/AGT:1	chr7	117592629	-|GT	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000647720	coding	112	113	38	S>S	frameshift:stop-gain	None	XRKTTASTRKVSLAPQANLTELDIYSRRLSQETGLEISEEINEEDLKECFFDDMESIPAVTTWNTYLRYITVHKSLIFVLIWCLVIFLAEVAASLVVLWLLGNTPLQDKGNSTHSRNNSYAVIITSTSSYYVFYIYVGVADTLLAMGFFRGLPLVHTLITVSKILHHKMLHSVLQAPMSTLNTLKAGGILNRFSKDIAILDDLLPLTIFDFIQLLLIVIGAIAVVAVLQPYIFVATVPVIVAFIMLRAYFLQTSQQLKQLESEGRSPIFTHLVTSLKGLWTLRAFGRQPYFETLFHKALNLHTANWFLYLSTLRWFQMRIEMIFVIFFIAVTFISILTTGEGEGRVGIILTLAMNIMSTLQWAVNSSIDVDSLMRSVSRVFKFIDMPTEGGPLGKNWIREEYFVISFFETTEH*|XRKTTASTRKVSLAPQANLTELDIYSRRLSQETGLEISVKKLTKKT*
chr7:117592690:C/A:1	chr7	117592690	C|A	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000648260	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	10136	None
chr7:117592690:C/A:1	chr7	117592690	C|A	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000003084	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	33	None
chr7:117592690:C/A:1	chr7	117592690	C|A	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000426809	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	33	None
chr7:117592690:C/A:1	chr7	117592690	C|A	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000647720	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	33	None
chr7:117592690:C/A:1	chr7	117592690	C|A	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000647978	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	33	None
chr7:117592690:C/A:1	chr7	117592690	C|A	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000649406	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	33	None
chr7:117592690:C/A:1	chr7	117592690	C|A	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000649781	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	33	None
chr7:117592713:G/A:1	chr7	117592713	G|A	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000648260	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	10113	None
chr7:117592713:G/A:1	chr7	117592713	G|A	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000003084	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	56	None
chr7:117592713:G/A:1	chr7	117592713	G|A	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000426809	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	56	None
chr7:117592713:G/A:1	chr7	117592713	G|A	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000647720	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	56	None
chr7:117592713:G/A:1	chr7	117592713	G|A	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000647978	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	56	None
chr7:117592713:G/A:1	chr7	117592713	G|A	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000649406	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	56	None
chr7:117592713:G/A:1	chr7	117592713	G|A	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000649781	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	56	None
chr7:117594980:C/T:1	chr7	117594980	C|T	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000648260	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	7846	None
chr7:117594980:C/T:1	chr7	117594980	C|T	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000647978	3utr	2516	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr7:117594980:C/T:1	chr7	117594980	C|T	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000003084	coding	2673	2541	847	N>N	syn	None	MQRSPLEKASVVSKLFFSWTRPILRKGYRQRLELSDIYQIPSVDSADNLSEKLEREWDRELASKKNPKLINALRRCFFWRFMFYGIFLYLGEVTKAVQPLLLGRIIASYDPDNKEERSIAIYLGIGLCLLFIVRTLLLHPAIFGLHHIGMQMRIAMFSLIYKKTLKLSSRVLDKISIGQLVSLLSNNLNKFDEGLALAHFVWIAPLQVALLMGLIWELLQASAFCGLGFLIVLALFQAGLGRMMMKYRDQRAGKISERLVITSEMIENIQSVKAYCWEEAMEKMIENLRQTELKLTRKAAYVRYFNSSAFFFSGFFVVFLSVLPYALIKGIILRKIFTTISFCIVLRMAVTRQFPWAVQTWYDSLGAINKIQDFLQKQEYKTLEYNLTTTEVVMENVTAFWEEGFGELFEKAKQNNNNRKTSNGDDSLFFSNFSLLGTPVLKDINFKIERGQLLAVAGSTGAGKTSLLMVIMGELEPSEGKIKHSGRISFCSQFSWIMPGTIKENIIFGVSYDEYRYRSVIKACQLEEDISKFAEKDNIVLGEGGITLSGGQRARISLARAVYKDADLYLLDSPFGYLDVLTEKEIFESCVCKLMANKTRILVTSKMEHLKKADKILILHEGSSYFYGTFSELQNLQPDFSSKLMGCDSFDQFSAERRNSILTETLHRFSLEGDAPVSWTETKKQSFKQTGEFGEKRKNSILNPINSIRKFSIVQKTPLQMNGIEEDSDEPLERRLSLVPDSEQGEAILPRISVISTGPTLQARRRQSVLNLMTHSVNQGQNIHRKTTASTRKVSLAPQANLTELDIYSRRLSQETGLEISEEINEEDLKECFFDDMESIPAVTTWNTYLRYITVHKSLIFVLIWCLVIFLAEVAASLVVLWLLGNTPLQDKGNSTHSRNNSYAVIITSTSSYYVFYIYVGVADTLLAMGFFRGLPLVHTLITVSKILHHKMLHSVLQAPMSTLNTLKAGGILNRFSKDIAILDDLLPLTIFDFIQLLLIVIGAIAVVAVLQPYIFVATVPVIVAFIMLRAYFLQTSQQLKQLESEGRSPIFTHLVTSLKGLWTLRAFGRQPYFETLFHKALNLHTANWFLYLSTLRWFQMRIEMIFVIFFIAVTFISILTTGEGEGRVGIILTLAMNIMSTLQWAVNSSIDVDSLMRSVSRVFKFIDMPTEGKPTKSTKPYKNGQLSKVMIIENSHVKKDDIWPSGGQMTVKDLTAKYTEGGNAILENISFSISPGQRVGLLGRTGSGKSTLLSAFLRLLNTEGEIQIDGVSWDSITLQQWRKAFGVIPQKVFIFSGTFRKNLDPYEQWSDQEIWKVADEVGLRSVIEQFPGKLDFVLVDGGCVLSHGHKQLMCLARSVLSKAKILLLDEPSAHLDPVTYQIIRRTLKQAFADCTVILCEHRIEAMLECQQFLVIEENKVRQYDSIQKLLNERSLFRQAISPSDRVKLFPHRNSSKCKSKPQIAALKEETEEEVQDTRL*
chr7:117594980:C/T:1	chr7	117594980	C|T	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000426809	coding	2451	2451	817	N>N	*syn	None	MQRSPLEKASVVSKLFFSWTRPILRKGYRQRLELSDIYQIPSVDSADNLSEKLEREWDRELASKKNPKLINALRRCFFWRFMFYGIFLYLGEVTKAVQPLLLGRIIASYDPDNKEERSIAIYLGIGLCLLFIVRTLLLHPAIFGLHHIGMQMRIAMFSLIYKKGLALAHFVWIAPLQVALLMGLIWELLQASAFCGLGFLIVLALFQAGLGRMMMKYRDQRAGKISERLVITSEMIENIQSVKAYCWEEAMEKMIENLRQTELKLTRKAAYVRYFNSSAFFFSGFFVVFLSVLPYALIKGIILRKIFTTISFCIVLRMAVTRQFPWAVQTWYDSLGAINKIQDFLQKQEYKTLEYNLTTTEVVMENVTAFWEEGFGELFEKAKQNNNNRKTSNGDDSLFFSNFSLLGTPVLKDINFKIERGQLLAVAGSTGAGKTSLLMVIMGELEPSEGKIKHSGRISFCSQFSWIMPGTIKENIIFGVSYDEYRYRSVIKACQLEEDISKFAEKDNIVLGEGGITLSGGQRARISLARAVYKDADLYLLDSPFGYLDVLTEKEIFESCVCKLMANKTRILVTSKMEHLKKADKILILHEGSSYFYGTFSELQNLQPDFSSKLMGCDSFDQFSAERRNSILTETLHRFSLEGDAPVSWTETKKQSFKQTGEFGEKRKNSILNPINSIRKFSIVQKTPLQMNGIEEDSDEPLERRLSLVPDSEQGEAILPRISVISTGPTLQARRRQSVLNLMTHSVNQGQNIHRKTTASTRKVSLAPQANLTELDIYSRRLSQETGLEISEEINEEDLKECFFDDMESIPAVTTWNTYLRYITVHKSLIFVLIWCLVIFLAEVAASLVVLWLLGNTPLQDKGNSTHSRNNSYAVIITSTSSYYVFYIYVGVADTLLAMGFFRGLPLVHTLITVSKILHHKMLHSVLQAPMSTLNTLKAGGILNRFSKDIAILDDLLPLTIFDFIQLLLIVIGAIAVVAVLQPYIFVATVPVIVAFIMLRAYFLQTSQQLKQLESEGRSPIFTHLVTSLKGLWTLRAFGRQPYFETLFHKALNLHTANWFLYLSTLRWFQMRIEMIFVIFFIAVTFISILTTGEGEGRVGIILTLAMNIMSTLQWAVNSSIDVDSLMRSVSRVFKFIDMPTEGKPTKSTKPYKNGQLSKVMIIENSHVKKDDIWPSGGQMTVKDLTAKYTEGGNAILENISFSISPGQRVGLLGRTGSGKSTLLSAFLRLLNTEGEIQIDGVSWDSITLQQWRKAFGVIPQKVFIFSGTFRKNLDPYEQWSDQEIWKVADEVGLRSVIEQFPGKLDFVLVDGGCVLSHGHKQLMCLARSVLSKAKILLLDEPSAHLDPVTYQIIRRTLKQAFADCTVILCEHRIEAMLECQQFLVIEENKVRQYDSIQKLLNERSLFRQAISPSDRVKLFPHRNSSKCKSKPQIAALK
chr7:117594980:C/T:1	chr7	117594980	C|T	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000647720	coding	191	192	64	N>N	syn	None	XRKTTASTRKVSLAPQANLTELDIYSRRLSQETGLEISEEINEEDLKECFFDDMESIPAVTTWNTYLRYITVHKSLIFVLIWCLVIFLAEVAASLVVLWLLGNTPLQDKGNSTHSRNNSYAVIITSTSSYYVFYIYVGVADTLLAMGFFRGLPLVHTLITVSKILHHKMLHSVLQAPMSTLNTLKAGGILNRFSKDIAILDDLLPLTIFDFIQLLLIVIGAIAVVAVLQPYIFVATVPVIVAFIMLRAYFLQTSQQLKQLESEGRSPIFTHLVTSLKGLWTLRAFGRQPYFETLFHKALNLHTANWFLYLSTLRWFQMRIEMIFVIFFIAVTFISILTTGEGEGRVGIILTLAMNIMSTLQWAVNSSIDVDSLMRSVSRVFKFIDMPTEGGPLGKNWIREEYFVISFFETTEH*
chr7:117594980:C/T:1	chr7	117594980	C|T	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000649406	coding	2442	2358	786	N>N	syn	None	MQRSPLEKASVVSKLFFSWTRPILRKGYRQRLELSDIYQIPSVDSADNLSEKLEREWDRELASKKNPKLINALRRCFFWRFMFYGIFLYLGEVTKAVQPLLLGRIIASYDPDNKEERSIAIYLGIGLCLLFIVRTLLLHPAIFGLHHIGMQMRIAMFSLIYKKTLKLSSRVLDKISIGQLVSLLSNNLNKFDEGLALAHFVWIAPLQVALLMGLIWELLQASAFCGLGFLIVLALFQAGLGRMMMKYRDQRAGKISERLVITSEMIENIQSVKAYCWEEAMEKMIENLRQTELKLTRKAAYVRYFNSSAFFFSGFFVVFLSVLPYALIKGIILRKIFTTISFCIVLRMAVTRQFPWAVQTWYDSLGAINKIQDFLQKQEYKTLEYNLTTTEVVMENVTAFWEETSLLMVIMGELEPSEGKIKHSGRISFCSQFSWIMPGTIKENIIFGVSYDEYRYRSVIKACQLEEDISKFAEKDNIVLGEGGITLSGGQRARISLARAVYKDADLYLLDSPFGYLDVLTEKEIFESCVCKLMANKTRILVTSKMEHLKKADKILILHEGSSYFYGTFSELQNLQPDFSSKLMGCDSFDQFSAERRNSILTETLHRFSLEGDAPVSWTETKKQSFKQTGEFGEKRKNSILNPINSIRKFSIVQKTPLQMNGIEEDSDEPLERRLSLVPDSEQGEAILPRISVISTGPTLQARRRQSVLNLMTHSVNQGQNIHRKTTASTRKVSLAPQANLTELDIYSRRLSQETGLEISEEINEEDLKECFFDDMESIPAVTTWNTYLRYITVHKSLIFVLIWCLVIFLAEVAASLVVLWLLGNTPLQDKGNSTHSRNNSYAVIITSTSSYYVFYIYVGVADTLLAMGFFRGLPLVHTLITVSKILHHKMLHSVLQAPMSTLNTLKAGGILNRFSKDIAILDDLLPLTIFDFIQLLLIVIGAIAVVAVLQPYIFVATVPVIVAFIMLRAYFLQTSQQLKQLESEGRSPIFTHLVTSLKGLWTLRAFGRQPYFETLFHKALNLHTANWFLYLSTLRWFQMRIEMIFVIFFIAVTFISILTTGEGEGRVGIILTLAMNIMSTLQWAVNSSIDVDSLMRSVSRVFKFIDMPTEGKPTKSTKPYKNGQLSKVMIIENSHVKKDDIWPSGGQMTVKDLTAKYTEGGNAILENISFSISPGQRVRFEHCLLC*
chr7:117594980:C/T:1	chr7	117594980	C|T	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000649781	coding	2358	2358	786	N>N	syn	None	MQRSPLEKASVVSKLFFSWTRPILRKGYRQRLELSDIYQIPSVDSADNLSEKLEREWDRELASKKNPKLINALRRCFFWRFMFYGIFLYLGEVTKAVQPLLLGRIIASYDPDNKEERSIAIYLGIGLCLLFIVRTLLLHPAIFGLHHIGMQMRIAMFSLIYKKTLKLSSRVLDKISIGQLVSLLSNNLNKFDEGLALAHFVWIAPLQVALLMGLIWELLQASAFCGLGFLIVLALFQAGLGRMMMKYRDQRAGKISERLVITSEMIENIQSVKAYCWEEAMEKMIENLRQTELKLTRKAAYVRYFNSSAFFFSGFFVVFLSVLPYALIKGIILRKIFTTISFCIVLRMAVTRQFPWAVQTWYDSLGAINKIQDFLQKQEYKTLEYNLTTTEVVMENVTAFWEETSLLMVIMGELEPSEGKIKHSGRISFCSQFSWIMPGTIKENIIFGVSYDEYRYRSVIKACQLEEDISKFAEKDNIVLGEGGITLSGGQRARISLARAVYKDADLYLLDSPFGYLDVLTEKEIFESCVCKLMANKTRILVTSKMEHLKKADKILILHEGSSYFYGTFSELQNLQPDFSSKLMGCDSFDQFSAERRNSILTETLHRFSLEGDAPVSWTETKKQSFKQTGEFGEKRKNSILNPINSIRKFSIVQKTPLQMNGIEEDSDEPLERRLSLVPDSEQGEAILPRISVISTGPTLQARRRQSVLNLMTHSVNQGQNIHRKTTASTRKVSLAPQANLTELDIYSRRLSQETGLEISEEINEEDLKECFFDDMESIPAVTTWNTYLRYITVHKSLIFVLIWCLVIFLAEVAASLVVLWLLGNTPLQDKGNSTHSRNNSYAVIITSTSSYYVFYIYVGVADTLLAMGFFRGLPLVHTLITVSKILHHKMLHSVLQAPMSTLNTLKAGGILNRFSKDIAILDDLLPLTIFDFIQLLLIVIGAIAVVAVLQPYIFVATVPVIVAFIMLRAYFLQTSQQLKQLESEGRSPIFTHLVTSLKGLWTLRAFGRQPYFETLFHKALNLHTANWFLYLSTLRWFQMRIEMIFVIFFIAVTFISILTTGEGEGRVGIILTLAMNIMSTLQWAVNSSIDVDSLMRSVSRVFKFIDMPTEGKPTKSTKPYKNGQLSKVMIIENSHVKKDDIWPSGGQMTVKDLTAKYTEGGNAILENISFSISPGQRVGLLGRTGSGKSTLLSAFLRLLNTEGEIQIDGVSWDSITLQQWRKAFGVIPQKVFIFSGTFRKNLDPYEQWSDQEIWKVADEVGLRSVIEQFPGKLDFVLVDGGCVLSHGHKQLMCLARSVLSKAKILLLDEPSAHLDPVTYQIIRRTLKQAFADCTVILCEHRIEAMLECQQFLVIEENKVRQYDSIQKLLNERSLFRQAISPSDRVKLFPHRNSSKCKSKPQIAALKEETEEEVQDTRL*
chr7:117595000:C/T:1	chr7	117595000	C|T	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000648260	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	7826	None
chr7:117595000:C/T:1	chr7	117595000	C|T	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000003084	coding	2693	2561	854	T>I	nonsyn	None	MQRSPLEKASVVSKLFFSWTRPILRKGYRQRLELSDIYQIPSVDSADNLSEKLEREWDRELASKKNPKLINALRRCFFWRFMFYGIFLYLGEVTKAVQPLLLGRIIASYDPDNKEERSIAIYLGIGLCLLFIVRTLLLHPAIFGLHHIGMQMRIAMFSLIYKKTLKLSSRVLDKISIGQLVSLLSNNLNKFDEGLALAHFVWIAPLQVALLMGLIWELLQASAFCGLGFLIVLALFQAGLGRMMMKYRDQRAGKISERLVITSEMIENIQSVKAYCWEEAMEKMIENLRQTELKLTRKAAYVRYFNSSAFFFSGFFVVFLSVLPYALIKGIILRKIFTTISFCIVLRMAVTRQFPWAVQTWYDSLGAINKIQDFLQKQEYKTLEYNLTTTEVVMENVTAFWEEGFGELFEKAKQNNNNRKTSNGDDSLFFSNFSLLGTPVLKDINFKIERGQLLAVAGSTGAGKTSLLMVIMGELEPSEGKIKHSGRISFCSQFSWIMPGTIKENIIFGVSYDEYRYRSVIKACQLEEDISKFAEKDNIVLGEGGITLSGGQRARISLARAVYKDADLYLLDSPFGYLDVLTEKEIFESCVCKLMANKTRILVTSKMEHLKKADKILILHEGSSYFYGTFSELQNLQPDFSSKLMGCDSFDQFSAERRNSILTETLHRFSLEGDAPVSWTETKKQSFKQTGEFGEKRKNSILNPINSIRKFSIVQKTPLQMNGIEEDSDEPLERRLSLVPDSEQGEAILPRISVISTGPTLQARRRQSVLNLMTHSVNQGQNIHRKTTASTRKVSLAPQANLTELDIYSRRLSQETGLEISEEINEEDLKECFFDDMESIPAVTTWNTYLRYITVHKSLIFVLIWCLVIFLAEVAASLVVLWLLGNTPLQDKGNSTHSRNNSYAVIITSTSSYYVFYIYVGVADTLLAMGFFRGLPLVHTLITVSKILHHKMLHSVLQAPMSTLNTLKAGGILNRFSKDIAILDDLLPLTIFDFIQLLLIVIGAIAVVAVLQPYIFVATVPVIVAFIMLRAYFLQTSQQLKQLESEGRSPIFTHLVTSLKGLWTLRAFGRQPYFETLFHKALNLHTANWFLYLSTLRWFQMRIEMIFVIFFIAVTFISILTTGEGEGRVGIILTLAMNIMSTLQWAVNSSIDVDSLMRSVSRVFKFIDMPTEGKPTKSTKPYKNGQLSKVMIIENSHVKKDDIWPSGGQMTVKDLTAKYTEGGNAILENISFSISPGQRVGLLGRTGSGKSTLLSAFLRLLNTEGEIQIDGVSWDSITLQQWRKAFGVIPQKVFIFSGTFRKNLDPYEQWSDQEIWKVADEVGLRSVIEQFPGKLDFVLVDGGCVLSHGHKQLMCLARSVLSKAKILLLDEPSAHLDPVTYQIIRRTLKQAFADCTVILCEHRIEAMLECQQFLVIEENKVRQYDSIQKLLNERSLFRQAISPSDRVKLFPHRNSSKCKSKPQIAALKEETEEEVQDTRL*|MQRSPLEKASVVSKLFFSWTRPILRKGYRQRLELSDIYQIPSVDSADNLSEKLEREWDRELASKKNPKLINALRRCFFWRFMFYGIFLYLGEVTKAVQPLLLGRIIASYDPDNKEERSIAIYLGIGLCLLFIVRTLLLHPAIFGLHHIGMQMRIAMFSLIYKKTLKLSSRVLDKISIGQLVSLLSNNLNKFDEGLALAHFVWIAPLQVALLMGLIWELLQASAFCGLGFLIVLALFQAGLGRMMMKYRDQRAGKISERLVITSEMIENIQSVKAYCWEEAMEKMIENLRQTELKLTRKAAYVRYFNSSAFFFSGFFVVFLSVLPYALIKGIILRKIFTTISFCIVLRMAVTRQFPWAVQTWYDSLGAINKIQDFLQKQEYKTLEYNLTTTEVVMENVTAFWEEGFGELFEKAKQNNNNRKTSNGDDSLFFSNFSLLGTPVLKDINFKIERGQLLAVAGSTGAGKTSLLMVIMGELEPSEGKIKHSGRISFCSQFSWIMPGTIKENIIFGVSYDEYRYRSVIKACQLEEDISKFAEKDNIVLGEGGITLSGGQRARISLARAVYKDADLYLLDSPFGYLDVLTEKEIFESCVCKLMANKTRILVTSKMEHLKKADKILILHEGSSYFYGTFSELQNLQPDFSSKLMGCDSFDQFSAERRNSILTETLHRFSLEGDAPVSWTETKKQSFKQTGEFGEKRKNSILNPINSIRKFSIVQKTPLQMNGIEEDSDEPLERRLSLVPDSEQGEAILPRISVISTGPTLQARRRQSVLNLMTHSVNQGQNIHRKTTASTRKVSLAPQANLTELDIYSRRLSQETGLEISEEINEEDLKECFFDDMESIPAVTTWNTYLRYIIVHKSLIFVLIWCLVIFLAEVAASLVVLWLLGNTPLQDKGNSTHSRNNSYAVIITSTSSYYVFYIYVGVADTLLAMGFFRGLPLVHTLITVSKILHHKMLHSVLQAPMSTLNTLKAGGILNRFSKDIAILDDLLPLTIFDFIQLLLIVIGAIAVVAVLQPYIFVATVPVIVAFIMLRAYFLQTSQQLKQLESEGRSPIFTHLVTSLKGLWTLRAFGRQPYFETLFHKALNLHTANWFLYLSTLRWFQMRIEMIFVIFFIAVTFISILTTGEGEGRVGIILTLAMNIMSTLQWAVNSSIDVDSLMRSVSRVFKFIDMPTEGKPTKSTKPYKNGQLSKVMIIENSHVKKDDIWPSGGQMTVKDLTAKYTEGGNAILENISFSISPGQRVGLLGRTGSGKSTLLSAFLRLLNTEGEIQIDGVSWDSITLQQWRKAFGVIPQKVFIFSGTFRKNLDPYEQWSDQEIWKVADEVGLRSVIEQFPGKLDFVLVDGGCVLSHGHKQLMCLARSVLSKAKILLLDEPSAHLDPVTYQIIRRTLKQAFADCTVILCEHRIEAMLECQQFLVIEENKVRQYDSIQKLLNERSLFRQAISPSDRVKLFPHRNSSKCKSKPQIAALKEETEEEVQDTRL*
chr7:117595000:C/T:1	chr7	117595000	C|T	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000426809	coding	2471	2471	824	T>I	*nonsyn	None	MQRSPLEKASVVSKLFFSWTRPILRKGYRQRLELSDIYQIPSVDSADNLSEKLEREWDRELASKKNPKLINALRRCFFWRFMFYGIFLYLGEVTKAVQPLLLGRIIASYDPDNKEERSIAIYLGIGLCLLFIVRTLLLHPAIFGLHHIGMQMRIAMFSLIYKKGLALAHFVWIAPLQVALLMGLIWELLQASAFCGLGFLIVLALFQAGLGRMMMKYRDQRAGKISERLVITSEMIENIQSVKAYCWEEAMEKMIENLRQTELKLTRKAAYVRYFNSSAFFFSGFFVVFLSVLPYALIKGIILRKIFTTISFCIVLRMAVTRQFPWAVQTWYDSLGAINKIQDFLQKQEYKTLEYNLTTTEVVMENVTAFWEEGFGELFEKAKQNNNNRKTSNGDDSLFFSNFSLLGTPVLKDINFKIERGQLLAVAGSTGAGKTSLLMVIMGELEPSEGKIKHSGRISFCSQFSWIMPGTIKENIIFGVSYDEYRYRSVIKACQLEEDISKFAEKDNIVLGEGGITLSGGQRARISLARAVYKDADLYLLDSPFGYLDVLTEKEIFESCVCKLMANKTRILVTSKMEHLKKADKILILHEGSSYFYGTFSELQNLQPDFSSKLMGCDSFDQFSAERRNSILTETLHRFSLEGDAPVSWTETKKQSFKQTGEFGEKRKNSILNPINSIRKFSIVQKTPLQMNGIEEDSDEPLERRLSLVPDSEQGEAILPRISVISTGPTLQARRRQSVLNLMTHSVNQGQNIHRKTTASTRKVSLAPQANLTELDIYSRRLSQETGLEISEEINEEDLKECFFDDMESIPAVTTWNTYLRYITVHKSLIFVLIWCLVIFLAEVAASLVVLWLLGNTPLQDKGNSTHSRNNSYAVIITSTSSYYVFYIYVGVADTLLAMGFFRGLPLVHTLITVSKILHHKMLHSVLQAPMSTLNTLKAGGILNRFSKDIAILDDLLPLTIFDFIQLLLIVIGAIAVVAVLQPYIFVATVPVIVAFIMLRAYFLQTSQQLKQLESEGRSPIFTHLVTSLKGLWTLRAFGRQPYFETLFHKALNLHTANWFLYLSTLRWFQMRIEMIFVIFFIAVTFISILTTGEGEGRVGIILTLAMNIMSTLQWAVNSSIDVDSLMRSVSRVFKFIDMPTEGKPTKSTKPYKNGQLSKVMIIENSHVKKDDIWPSGGQMTVKDLTAKYTEGGNAILENISFSISPGQRVGLLGRTGSGKSTLLSAFLRLLNTEGEIQIDGVSWDSITLQQWRKAFGVIPQKVFIFSGTFRKNLDPYEQWSDQEIWKVADEVGLRSVIEQFPGKLDFVLVDGGCVLSHGHKQLMCLARSVLSKAKILLLDEPSAHLDPVTYQIIRRTLKQAFADCTVILCEHRIEAMLECQQFLVIEENKVRQYDSIQKLLNERSLFRQAISPSDRVKLFPHRNSSKCKSKPQIAALK|MQRSPLEKASVVSKLFFSWTRPILRKGYRQRLELSDIYQIPSVDSADNLSEKLEREWDRELASKKNPKLINALRRCFFWRFMFYGIFLYLGEVTKAVQPLLLGRIIASYDPDNKEERSIAIYLGIGLCLLFIVRTLLLHPAIFGLHHIGMQMRIAMFSLIYKKGLALAHFVWIAPLQVALLMGLIWELLQASAFCGLGFLIVLALFQAGLGRMMMKYRDQRAGKISERLVITSEMIENIQSVKAYCWEEAMEKMIENLRQTELKLTRKAAYVRYFNSSAFFFSGFFVVFLSVLPYALIKGIILRKIFTTISFCIVLRMAVTRQFPWAVQTWYDSLGAINKIQDFLQKQEYKTLEYNLTTTEVVMENVTAFWEEGFGELFEKAKQNNNNRKTSNGDDSLFFSNFSLLGTPVLKDINFKIERGQLLAVAGSTGAGKTSLLMVIMGELEPSEGKIKHSGRISFCSQFSWIMPGTIKENIIFGVSYDEYRYRSVIKACQLEEDISKFAEKDNIVLGEGGITLSGGQRARISLARAVYKDADLYLLDSPFGYLDVLTEKEIFESCVCKLMANKTRILVTSKMEHLKKADKILILHEGSSYFYGTFSELQNLQPDFSSKLMGCDSFDQFSAERRNSILTETLHRFSLEGDAPVSWTETKKQSFKQTGEFGEKRKNSILNPINSIRKFSIVQKTPLQMNGIEEDSDEPLERRLSLVPDSEQGEAILPRISVISTGPTLQARRRQSVLNLMTHSVNQGQNIHRKTTASTRKVSLAPQANLTELDIYSRRLSQETGLEISEEINEEDLKECFFDDMESIPAVTTWNTYLRYIIVHKSLIFVLIWCLVIFLAEVAASLVVLWLLGNTPLQDKGNSTHSRNNSYAVIITSTSSYYVFYIYVGVADTLLAMGFFRGLPLVHTLITVSKILHHKMLHSVLQAPMSTLNTLKAGGILNRFSKDIAILDDLLPLTIFDFIQLLLIVIGAIAVVAVLQPYIFVATVPVIVAFIMLRAYFLQTSQQLKQLESEGRSPIFTHLVTSLKGLWTLRAFGRQPYFETLFHKALNLHTANWFLYLSTLRWFQMRIEMIFVIFFIAVTFISILTTGEGEGRVGIILTLAMNIMSTLQWAVNSSIDVDSLMRSVSRVFKFIDMPTEGKPTKSTKPYKNGQLSKVMIIENSHVKKDDIWPSGGQMTVKDLTAKYTEGGNAILENISFSISPGQRVGLLGRTGSGKSTLLSAFLRLLNTEGEIQIDGVSWDSITLQQWRKAFGVIPQKVFIFSGTFRKNLDPYEQWSDQEIWKVADEVGLRSVIEQFPGKLDFVLVDGGCVLSHGHKQLMCLARSVLSKAKILLLDEPSAHLDPVTYQIIRRTLKQAFADCTVILCEHRIEAMLECQQFLVIEENKVRQYDSIQKLLNERSLFRQAISPSDRVKLFPHRNSSKCKSKPQIAALK
chr7:117595000:C/T:1	chr7	117595000	C|T	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000647720	coding	211	212	71	T>I	nonsyn	None	XRKTTASTRKVSLAPQANLTELDIYSRRLSQETGLEISEEINEEDLKECFFDDMESIPAVTTWNTYLRYITVHKSLIFVLIWCLVIFLAEVAASLVVLWLLGNTPLQDKGNSTHSRNNSYAVIITSTSSYYVFYIYVGVADTLLAMGFFRGLPLVHTLITVSKILHHKMLHSVLQAPMSTLNTLKAGGILNRFSKDIAILDDLLPLTIFDFIQLLLIVIGAIAVVAVLQPYIFVATVPVIVAFIMLRAYFLQTSQQLKQLESEGRSPIFTHLVTSLKGLWTLRAFGRQPYFETLFHKALNLHTANWFLYLSTLRWFQMRIEMIFVIFFIAVTFISILTTGEGEGRVGIILTLAMNIMSTLQWAVNSSIDVDSLMRSVSRVFKFIDMPTEGGPLGKNWIREEYFVISFFETTEH*|XRKTTASTRKVSLAPQANLTELDIYSRRLSQETGLEISEEINEEDLKECFFDDMESIPAVTTWNTYLRYIIVHKSLIFVLIWCLVIFLAEVAASLVVLWLLGNTPLQDKGNSTHSRNNSYAVIITSTSSYYVFYIYVGVADTLLAMGFFRGLPLVHTLITVSKILHHKMLHSVLQAPMSTLNTLKAGGILNRFSKDIAILDDLLPLTIFDFIQLLLIVIGAIAVVAVLQPYIFVATVPVIVAFIMLRAYFLQTSQQLKQLESEGRSPIFTHLVTSLKGLWTLRAFGRQPYFETLFHKALNLHTANWFLYLSTLRWFQMRIEMIFVIFFIAVTFISILTTGEGEGRVGIILTLAMNIMSTLQWAVNSSIDVDSLMRSVSRVFKFIDMPTEGGPLGKNWIREEYFVISFFETTEH*
chr7:117595000:C/T:1	chr7	117595000	C|T	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000649406	coding	2462	2378	793	T>I	nonsyn	None	MQRSPLEKASVVSKLFFSWTRPILRKGYRQRLELSDIYQIPSVDSADNLSEKLEREWDRELASKKNPKLINALRRCFFWRFMFYGIFLYLGEVTKAVQPLLLGRIIASYDPDNKEERSIAIYLGIGLCLLFIVRTLLLHPAIFGLHHIGMQMRIAMFSLIYKKTLKLSSRVLDKISIGQLVSLLSNNLNKFDEGLALAHFVWIAPLQVALLMGLIWELLQASAFCGLGFLIVLALFQAGLGRMMMKYRDQRAGKISERLVITSEMIENIQSVKAYCWEEAMEKMIENLRQTELKLTRKAAYVRYFNSSAFFFSGFFVVFLSVLPYALIKGIILRKIFTTISFCIVLRMAVTRQFPWAVQTWYDSLGAINKIQDFLQKQEYKTLEYNLTTTEVVMENVTAFWEETSLLMVIMGELEPSEGKIKHSGRISFCSQFSWIMPGTIKENIIFGVSYDEYRYRSVIKACQLEEDISKFAEKDNIVLGEGGITLSGGQRARISLARAVYKDADLYLLDSPFGYLDVLTEKEIFESCVCKLMANKTRILVTSKMEHLKKADKILILHEGSSYFYGTFSELQNLQPDFSSKLMGCDSFDQFSAERRNSILTETLHRFSLEGDAPVSWTETKKQSFKQTGEFGEKRKNSILNPINSIRKFSIVQKTPLQMNGIEEDSDEPLERRLSLVPDSEQGEAILPRISVISTGPTLQARRRQSVLNLMTHSVNQGQNIHRKTTASTRKVSLAPQANLTELDIYSRRLSQETGLEISEEINEEDLKECFFDDMESIPAVTTWNTYLRYITVHKSLIFVLIWCLVIFLAEVAASLVVLWLLGNTPLQDKGNSTHSRNNSYAVIITSTSSYYVFYIYVGVADTLLAMGFFRGLPLVHTLITVSKILHHKMLHSVLQAPMSTLNTLKAGGILNRFSKDIAILDDLLPLTIFDFIQLLLIVIGAIAVVAVLQPYIFVATVPVIVAFIMLRAYFLQTSQQLKQLESEGRSPIFTHLVTSLKGLWTLRAFGRQPYFETLFHKALNLHTANWFLYLSTLRWFQMRIEMIFVIFFIAVTFISILTTGEGEGRVGIILTLAMNIMSTLQWAVNSSIDVDSLMRSVSRVFKFIDMPTEGKPTKSTKPYKNGQLSKVMIIENSHVKKDDIWPSGGQMTVKDLTAKYTEGGNAILENISFSISPGQRVRFEHCLLC*|MQRSPLEKASVVSKLFFSWTRPILRKGYRQRLELSDIYQIPSVDSADNLSEKLEREWDRELASKKNPKLINALRRCFFWRFMFYGIFLYLGEVTKAVQPLLLGRIIASYDPDNKEERSIAIYLGIGLCLLFIVRTLLLHPAIFGLHHIGMQMRIAMFSLIYKKTLKLSSRVLDKISIGQLVSLLSNNLNKFDEGLALAHFVWIAPLQVALLMGLIWELLQASAFCGLGFLIVLALFQAGLGRMMMKYRDQRAGKISERLVITSEMIENIQSVKAYCWEEAMEKMIENLRQTELKLTRKAAYVRYFNSSAFFFSGFFVVFLSVLPYALIKGIILRKIFTTISFCIVLRMAVTRQFPWAVQTWYDSLGAINKIQDFLQKQEYKTLEYNLTTTEVVMENVTAFWEETSLLMVIMGELEPSEGKIKHSGRISFCSQFSWIMPGTIKENIIFGVSYDEYRYRSVIKACQLEEDISKFAEKDNIVLGEGGITLSGGQRARISLARAVYKDADLYLLDSPFGYLDVLTEKEIFESCVCKLMANKTRILVTSKMEHLKKADKILILHEGSSYFYGTFSELQNLQPDFSSKLMGCDSFDQFSAERRNSILTETLHRFSLEGDAPVSWTETKKQSFKQTGEFGEKRKNSILNPINSIRKFSIVQKTPLQMNGIEEDSDEPLERRLSLVPDSEQGEAILPRISVISTGPTLQARRRQSVLNLMTHSVNQGQNIHRKTTASTRKVSLAPQANLTELDIYSRRLSQETGLEISEEINEEDLKECFFDDMESIPAVTTWNTYLRYIIVHKSLIFVLIWCLVIFLAEVAASLVVLWLLGNTPLQDKGNSTHSRNNSYAVIITSTSSYYVFYIYVGVADTLLAMGFFRGLPLVHTLITVSKILHHKMLHSVLQAPMSTLNTLKAGGILNRFSKDIAILDDLLPLTIFDFIQLLLIVIGAIAVVAVLQPYIFVATVPVIVAFIMLRAYFLQTSQQLKQLESEGRSPIFTHLVTSLKGLWTLRAFGRQPYFETLFHKALNLHTANWFLYLSTLRWFQMRIEMIFVIFFIAVTFISILTTGEGEGRVGIILTLAMNIMSTLQWAVNSSIDVDSLMRSVSRVFKFIDMPTEGKPTKSTKPYKNGQLSKVMIIENSHVKKDDIWPSGGQMTVKDLTAKYTEGGNAILENISFSISPGQRVRFEHCLLC*
chr7:117595000:C/T:1	chr7	117595000	C|T	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000649781	coding	2378	2378	793	T>I	nonsyn	None	MQRSPLEKASVVSKLFFSWTRPILRKGYRQRLELSDIYQIPSVDSADNLSEKLEREWDRELASKKNPKLINALRRCFFWRFMFYGIFLYLGEVTKAVQPLLLGRIIASYDPDNKEERSIAIYLGIGLCLLFIVRTLLLHPAIFGLHHIGMQMRIAMFSLIYKKTLKLSSRVLDKISIGQLVSLLSNNLNKFDEGLALAHFVWIAPLQVALLMGLIWELLQASAFCGLGFLIVLALFQAGLGRMMMKYRDQRAGKISERLVITSEMIENIQSVKAYCWEEAMEKMIENLRQTELKLTRKAAYVRYFNSSAFFFSGFFVVFLSVLPYALIKGIILRKIFTTISFCIVLRMAVTRQFPWAVQTWYDSLGAINKIQDFLQKQEYKTLEYNLTTTEVVMENVTAFWEETSLLMVIMGELEPSEGKIKHSGRISFCSQFSWIMPGTIKENIIFGVSYDEYRYRSVIKACQLEEDISKFAEKDNIVLGEGGITLSGGQRARISLARAVYKDADLYLLDSPFGYLDVLTEKEIFESCVCKLMANKTRILVTSKMEHLKKADKILILHEGSSYFYGTFSELQNLQPDFSSKLMGCDSFDQFSAERRNSILTETLHRFSLEGDAPVSWTETKKQSFKQTGEFGEKRKNSILNPINSIRKFSIVQKTPLQMNGIEEDSDEPLERRLSLVPDSEQGEAILPRISVISTGPTLQARRRQSVLNLMTHSVNQGQNIHRKTTASTRKVSLAPQANLTELDIYSRRLSQETGLEISEEINEEDLKECFFDDMESIPAVTTWNTYLRYITVHKSLIFVLIWCLVIFLAEVAASLVVLWLLGNTPLQDKGNSTHSRNNSYAVIITSTSSYYVFYIYVGVADTLLAMGFFRGLPLVHTLITVSKILHHKMLHSVLQAPMSTLNTLKAGGILNRFSKDIAILDDLLPLTIFDFIQLLLIVIGAIAVVAVLQPYIFVATVPVIVAFIMLRAYFLQTSQQLKQLESEGRSPIFTHLVTSLKGLWTLRAFGRQPYFETLFHKALNLHTANWFLYLSTLRWFQMRIEMIFVIFFIAVTFISILTTGEGEGRVGIILTLAMNIMSTLQWAVNSSIDVDSLMRSVSRVFKFIDMPTEGKPTKSTKPYKNGQLSKVMIIENSHVKKDDIWPSGGQMTVKDLTAKYTEGGNAILENISFSISPGQRVGLLGRTGSGKSTLLSAFLRLLNTEGEIQIDGVSWDSITLQQWRKAFGVIPQKVFIFSGTFRKNLDPYEQWSDQEIWKVADEVGLRSVIEQFPGKLDFVLVDGGCVLSHGHKQLMCLARSVLSKAKILLLDEPSAHLDPVTYQIIRRTLKQAFADCTVILCEHRIEAMLECQQFLVIEENKVRQYDSIQKLLNERSLFRQAISPSDRVKLFPHRNSSKCKSKPQIAALKEETEEEVQDTRL*|MQRSPLEKASVVSKLFFSWTRPILRKGYRQRLELSDIYQIPSVDSADNLSEKLEREWDRELASKKNPKLINALRRCFFWRFMFYGIFLYLGEVTKAVQPLLLGRIIASYDPDNKEERSIAIYLGIGLCLLFIVRTLLLHPAIFGLHHIGMQMRIAMFSLIYKKTLKLSSRVLDKISIGQLVSLLSNNLNKFDEGLALAHFVWIAPLQVALLMGLIWELLQASAFCGLGFLIVLALFQAGLGRMMMKYRDQRAGKISERLVITSEMIENIQSVKAYCWEEAMEKMIENLRQTELKLTRKAAYVRYFNSSAFFFSGFFVVFLSVLPYALIKGIILRKIFTTISFCIVLRMAVTRQFPWAVQTWYDSLGAINKIQDFLQKQEYKTLEYNLTTTEVVMENVTAFWEETSLLMVIMGELEPSEGKIKHSGRISFCSQFSWIMPGTIKENIIFGVSYDEYRYRSVIKACQLEEDISKFAEKDNIVLGEGGITLSGGQRARISLARAVYKDADLYLLDSPFGYLDVLTEKEIFESCVCKLMANKTRILVTSKMEHLKKADKILILHEGSSYFYGTFSELQNLQPDFSSKLMGCDSFDQFSAERRNSILTETLHRFSLEGDAPVSWTETKKQSFKQTGEFGEKRKNSILNPINSIRKFSIVQKTPLQMNGIEEDSDEPLERRLSLVPDSEQGEAILPRISVISTGPTLQARRRQSVLNLMTHSVNQGQNIHRKTTASTRKVSLAPQANLTELDIYSRRLSQETGLEISEEINEEDLKECFFDDMESIPAVTTWNTYLRYIIVHKSLIFVLIWCLVIFLAEVAASLVVLWLLGNTPLQDKGNSTHSRNNSYAVIITSTSSYYVFYIYVGVADTLLAMGFFRGLPLVHTLITVSKILHHKMLHSVLQAPMSTLNTLKAGGILNRFSKDIAILDDLLPLTIFDFIQLLLIVIGAIAVVAVLQPYIFVATVPVIVAFIMLRAYFLQTSQQLKQLESEGRSPIFTHLVTSLKGLWTLRAFGRQPYFETLFHKALNLHTANWFLYLSTLRWFQMRIEMIFVIFFIAVTFISILTTGEGEGRVGIILTLAMNIMSTLQWAVNSSIDVDSLMRSVSRVFKFIDMPTEGKPTKSTKPYKNGQLSKVMIIENSHVKKDDIWPSGGQMTVKDLTAKYTEGGNAILENISFSISPGQRVGLLGRTGSGKSTLLSAFLRLLNTEGEIQIDGVSWDSITLQQWRKAFGVIPQKVFIFSGTFRKNLDPYEQWSDQEIWKVADEVGLRSVIEQFPGKLDFVLVDGGCVLSHGHKQLMCLARSVLSKAKILLLDEPSAHLDPVTYQIIRRTLKQAFADCTVILCEHRIEAMLECQQFLVIEENKVRQYDSIQKLLNERSLFRQAISPSDRVKLFPHRNSSKCKSKPQIAALKEETEEEVQDTRL*
chr7:117595000:C/T:1	chr7	117595000	C|T	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000647978	3downstream	None	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr7:117595020:TTG/T:1	chr7	117595021	TG|-	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000648260	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	7805	None
chr7:117595020:TTG/T:1	chr7	117595021	TT|TG|-	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000003084	coding	2714	2582	861	F>L|F>C	nonsyn|frameshift:stop-gain	None	MQRSPLEKASVVSKLFFSWTRPILRKGYRQRLELSDIYQIPSVDSADNLSEKLEREWDRELASKKNPKLINALRRCFFWRFMFYGIFLYLGEVTKAVQPLLLGRIIASYDPDNKEERSIAIYLGIGLCLLFIVRTLLLHPAIFGLHHIGMQMRIAMFSLIYKKTLKLSSRVLDKISIGQLVSLLSNNLNKFDEGLALAHFVWIAPLQVALLMGLIWELLQASAFCGLGFLIVLALFQAGLGRMMMKYRDQRAGKISERLVITSEMIENIQSVKAYCWEEAMEKMIENLRQTELKLTRKAAYVRYFNSSAFFFSGFFVVFLSVLPYALIKGIILRKIFTTISFCIVLRMAVTRQFPWAVQTWYDSLGAINKIQDFLQKQEYKTLEYNLTTTEVVMENVTAFWEEGFGELFEKAKQNNNNRKTSNGDDSLFFSNFSLLGTPVLKDINFKIERGQLLAVAGSTGAGKTSLLMVIMGELEPSEGKIKHSGRISFCSQFSWIMPGTIKENIIFGVSYDEYRYRSVIKACQLEEDISKFAEKDNIVLGEGGITLSGGQRARISLARAVYKDADLYLLDSPFGYLDVLTEKEIFESCVCKLMANKTRILVTSKMEHLKKADKILILHEGSSYFYGTFSELQNLQPDFSSKLMGCDSFDQFSAERRNSILTETLHRFSLEGDAPVSWTETKKQSFKQTGEFGEKRKNSILNPINSIRKFSIVQKTPLQMNGIEEDSDEPLERRLSLVPDSEQGEAILPRISVISTGPTLQARRRQSVLNLMTHSVNQGQNIHRKTTASTRKVSLAPQANLTELDIYSRRLSQETGLEISEEINEEDLKECFFDDMESIPAVTTWNTYLRYITVHKSLIFVLIWCLVIFLAEVAASLVVLWLLGNTPLQDKGNSTHSRNNSYAVIITSTSSYYVFYIYVGVADTLLAMGFFRGLPLVHTLITVSKILHHKMLHSVLQAPMSTLNTLKAGGILNRFSKDIAILDDLLPLTIFDFIQLLLIVIGAIAVVAVLQPYIFVATVPVIVAFIMLRAYFLQTSQQLKQLESEGRSPIFTHLVTSLKGLWTLRAFGRQPYFETLFHKALNLHTANWFLYLSTLRWFQMRIEMIFVIFFIAVTFISILTTGEGEGRVGIILTLAMNIMSTLQWAVNSSIDVDSLMRSVSRVFKFIDMPTEGKPTKSTKPYKNGQLSKVMIIENSHVKKDDIWPSGGQMTVKDLTAKYTEGGNAILENISFSISPGQRVGLLGRTGSGKSTLLSAFLRLLNTEGEIQIDGVSWDSITLQQWRKAFGVIPQKVFIFSGTFRKNLDPYEQWSDQEIWKVADEVGLRSVIEQFPGKLDFVLVDGGCVLSHGHKQLMCLARSVLSKAKILLLDEPSAHLDPVTYQIIRRTLKQAFADCTVILCEHRIEAMLECQQFLVIEENKVRQYDSIQKLLNERSLFRQAISPSDRVKLFPHRNSSKCKSKPQIAALKEETEEEVQDTRL*|MQRSPLEKASVVSKLFFSWTRPILRKGYRQRLELSDIYQIPSVDSADNLSEKLEREWDRELASKKNPKLINALRRCFFWRFMFYGIFLYLGEVTKAVQPLLLGRIIASYDPDNKEERSIAIYLGIGLCLLFIVRTLLLHPAIFGLHHIGMQMRIAMFSLIYKKTLKLSSRVLDKISIGQLVSLLSNNLNKFDEGLALAHFVWIAPLQVALLMGLIWELLQASAFCGLGFLIVLALFQAGLGRMMMKYRDQRAGKISERLVITSEMIENIQSVKAYCWEEAMEKMIENLRQTELKLTRKAAYVRYFNSSAFFFSGFFVVFLSVLPYALIKGIILRKIFTTISFCIVLRMAVTRQFPWAVQTWYDSLGAINKIQDFLQKQEYKTLEYNLTTTEVVMENVTAFWEEGFGELFEKAKQNNNNRKTSNGDDSLFFSNFSLLGTPVLKDINFKIERGQLLAVAGSTGAGKTSLLMVIMGELEPSEGKIKHSGRISFCSQFSWIMPGTIKENIIFGVSYDEYRYRSVIKACQLEEDISKFAEKDNIVLGEGGITLSGGQRARISLARAVYKDADLYLLDSPFGYLDVLTEKEIFESCVCKLMANKTRILVTSKMEHLKKADKILILHEGSSYFYGTFSELQNLQPDFSSKLMGCDSFDQFSAERRNSILTETLHRFSLEGDAPVSWTETKKQSFKQTGEFGEKRKNSILNPINSIRKFSIVQKTPLQMNGIEEDSDEPLERRLSLVPDSEQGEAILPRISVISTGPTLQARRRQSVLNLMTHSVNQGQNIHRKTTASTRKVSLAPQANLTELDIYSRRLSQETGLEISEEINEEDLKECFFDDMESIPAVTTWNTYLRYITVHKSLILVLIWCLVIFLAEVAASLVVLWLLGNTPLQDKGNSTHSRNNSYAVIITSTSSYYVFYIYVGVADTLLAMGFFRGLPLVHTLITVSKILHHKMLHSVLQAPMSTLNTLKAGGILNRFSKDIAILDDLLPLTIFDFIQLLLIVIGAIAVVAVLQPYIFVATVPVIVAFIMLRAYFLQTSQQLKQLESEGRSPIFTHLVTSLKGLWTLRAFGRQPYFETLFHKALNLHTANWFLYLSTLRWFQMRIEMIFVIFFIAVTFISILTTGEGEGRVGIILTLAMNIMSTLQWAVNSSIDVDSLMRSVSRVFKFIDMPTEGKPTKSTKPYKNGQLSKVMIIENSHVKKDDIWPSGGQMTVKDLTAKYTEGGNAILENISFSISPGQRVGLLGRTGSGKSTLLSAFLRLLNTEGEIQIDGVSWDSITLQQWRKAFGVIPQKVFIFSGTFRKNLDPYEQWSDQEIWKVADEVGLRSVIEQFPGKLDFVLVDGGCVLSHGHKQLMCLARSVLSKAKILLLDEPSAHLDPVTYQIIRRTLKQAFADCTVILCEHRIEAMLECQQFLVIEENKVRQYDSIQKLLNERSLFRQAISPSDRVKLFPHRNSSKCKSKPQIAALKEETEEEVQDTRL*|MQRSPLEKASVVSKLFFSWTRPILRKGYRQRLELSDIYQIPSVDSADNLSEKLEREWDRELASKKNPKLINALRRCFFWRFMFYGIFLYLGEVTKAVQPLLLGRIIASYDPDNKEERSIAIYLGIGLCLLFIVRTLLLHPAIFGLHHIGMQMRIAMFSLIYKKTLKLSSRVLDKISIGQLVSLLSNNLNKFDEGLALAHFVWIAPLQVALLMGLIWELLQASAFCGLGFLIVLALFQAGLGRMMMKYRDQRAGKISERLVITSEMIENIQSVKAYCWEEAMEKMIENLRQTELKLTRKAAYVRYFNSSAFFFSGFFVVFLSVLPYALIKGIILRKIFTTISFCIVLRMAVTRQFPWAVQTWYDSLGAINKIQDFLQKQEYKTLEYNLTTTEVVMENVTAFWEEGFGELFEKAKQNNNNRKTSNGDDSLFFSNFSLLGTPVLKDINFKIERGQLLAVAGSTGAGKTSLLMVIMGELEPSEGKIKHSGRISFCSQFSWIMPGTIKENIIFGVSYDEYRYRSVIKACQLEEDISKFAEKDNIVLGEGGITLSGGQRARISLARAVYKDADLYLLDSPFGYLDVLTEKEIFESCVCKLMANKTRILVTSKMEHLKKADKILILHEGSSYFYGTFSELQNLQPDFSSKLMGCDSFDQFSAERRNSILTETLHRFSLEGDAPVSWTETKKQSFKQTGEFGEKRKNSILNPINSIRKFSIVQKTPLQMNGIEEDSDEPLERRLSLVPDSEQGEAILPRISVISTGPTLQARRRQSVLNLMTHSVNQGQNIHRKTTASTRKVSLAPQANLTELDIYSRRLSQETGLEISEEINEEDLKECFFDDMESIPAVTTWNTYLRYITVHKSLICANLVLSNFSGRGGCFFGCAVAPWKHSSSRQRE*
chr7:117595020:TTG/T:1	chr7	117595021	TT|TG|-	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000426809	coding	2492	2492	831	F>L|F>C	*nonsyn|frameshift:stop-gain	None	MQRSPLEKASVVSKLFFSWTRPILRKGYRQRLELSDIYQIPSVDSADNLSEKLEREWDRELASKKNPKLINALRRCFFWRFMFYGIFLYLGEVTKAVQPLLLGRIIASYDPDNKEERSIAIYLGIGLCLLFIVRTLLLHPAIFGLHHIGMQMRIAMFSLIYKKGLALAHFVWIAPLQVALLMGLIWELLQASAFCGLGFLIVLALFQAGLGRMMMKYRDQRAGKISERLVITSEMIENIQSVKAYCWEEAMEKMIENLRQTELKLTRKAAYVRYFNSSAFFFSGFFVVFLSVLPYALIKGIILRKIFTTISFCIVLRMAVTRQFPWAVQTWYDSLGAINKIQDFLQKQEYKTLEYNLTTTEVVMENVTAFWEEGFGELFEKAKQNNNNRKTSNGDDSLFFSNFSLLGTPVLKDINFKIERGQLLAVAGSTGAGKTSLLMVIMGELEPSEGKIKHSGRISFCSQFSWIMPGTIKENIIFGVSYDEYRYRSVIKACQLEEDISKFAEKDNIVLGEGGITLSGGQRARISLARAVYKDADLYLLDSPFGYLDVLTEKEIFESCVCKLMANKTRILVTSKMEHLKKADKILILHEGSSYFYGTFSELQNLQPDFSSKLMGCDSFDQFSAERRNSILTETLHRFSLEGDAPVSWTETKKQSFKQTGEFGEKRKNSILNPINSIRKFSIVQKTPLQMNGIEEDSDEPLERRLSLVPDSEQGEAILPRISVISTGPTLQARRRQSVLNLMTHSVNQGQNIHRKTTASTRKVSLAPQANLTELDIYSRRLSQETGLEISEEINEEDLKECFFDDMESIPAVTTWNTYLRYITVHKSLIFVLIWCLVIFLAEVAASLVVLWLLGNTPLQDKGNSTHSRNNSYAVIITSTSSYYVFYIYVGVADTLLAMGFFRGLPLVHTLITVSKILHHKMLHSVLQAPMSTLNTLKAGGILNRFSKDIAILDDLLPLTIFDFIQLLLIVIGAIAVVAVLQPYIFVATVPVIVAFIMLRAYFLQTSQQLKQLESEGRSPIFTHLVTSLKGLWTLRAFGRQPYFETLFHKALNLHTANWFLYLSTLRWFQMRIEMIFVIFFIAVTFISILTTGEGEGRVGIILTLAMNIMSTLQWAVNSSIDVDSLMRSVSRVFKFIDMPTEGKPTKSTKPYKNGQLSKVMIIENSHVKKDDIWPSGGQMTVKDLTAKYTEGGNAILENISFSISPGQRVGLLGRTGSGKSTLLSAFLRLLNTEGEIQIDGVSWDSITLQQWRKAFGVIPQKVFIFSGTFRKNLDPYEQWSDQEIWKVADEVGLRSVIEQFPGKLDFVLVDGGCVLSHGHKQLMCLARSVLSKAKILLLDEPSAHLDPVTYQIIRRTLKQAFADCTVILCEHRIEAMLECQQFLVIEENKVRQYDSIQKLLNERSLFRQAISPSDRVKLFPHRNSSKCKSKPQIAALK|MQRSPLEKASVVSKLFFSWTRPILRKGYRQRLELSDIYQIPSVDSADNLSEKLEREWDRELASKKNPKLINALRRCFFWRFMFYGIFLYLGEVTKAVQPLLLGRIIASYDPDNKEERSIAIYLGIGLCLLFIVRTLLLHPAIFGLHHIGMQMRIAMFSLIYKKGLALAHFVWIAPLQVALLMGLIWELLQASAFCGLGFLIVLALFQAGLGRMMMKYRDQRAGKISERLVITSEMIENIQSVKAYCWEEAMEKMIENLRQTELKLTRKAAYVRYFNSSAFFFSGFFVVFLSVLPYALIKGIILRKIFTTISFCIVLRMAVTRQFPWAVQTWYDSLGAINKIQDFLQKQEYKTLEYNLTTTEVVMENVTAFWEEGFGELFEKAKQNNNNRKTSNGDDSLFFSNFSLLGTPVLKDINFKIERGQLLAVAGSTGAGKTSLLMVIMGELEPSEGKIKHSGRISFCSQFSWIMPGTIKENIIFGVSYDEYRYRSVIKACQLEEDISKFAEKDNIVLGEGGITLSGGQRARISLARAVYKDADLYLLDSPFGYLDVLTEKEIFESCVCKLMANKTRILVTSKMEHLKKADKILILHEGSSYFYGTFSELQNLQPDFSSKLMGCDSFDQFSAERRNSILTETLHRFSLEGDAPVSWTETKKQSFKQTGEFGEKRKNSILNPINSIRKFSIVQKTPLQMNGIEEDSDEPLERRLSLVPDSEQGEAILPRISVISTGPTLQARRRQSVLNLMTHSVNQGQNIHRKTTASTRKVSLAPQANLTELDIYSRRLSQETGLEISEEINEEDLKECFFDDMESIPAVTTWNTYLRYITVHKSLILVLIWCLVIFLAEVAASLVVLWLLGNTPLQDKGNSTHSRNNSYAVIITSTSSYYVFYIYVGVADTLLAMGFFRGLPLVHTLITVSKILHHKMLHSVLQAPMSTLNTLKAGGILNRFSKDIAILDDLLPLTIFDFIQLLLIVIGAIAVVAVLQPYIFVATVPVIVAFIMLRAYFLQTSQQLKQLESEGRSPIFTHLVTSLKGLWTLRAFGRQPYFETLFHKALNLHTANWFLYLSTLRWFQMRIEMIFVIFFIAVTFISILTTGEGEGRVGIILTLAMNIMSTLQWAVNSSIDVDSLMRSVSRVFKFIDMPTEGKPTKSTKPYKNGQLSKVMIIENSHVKKDDIWPSGGQMTVKDLTAKYTEGGNAILENISFSISPGQRVGLLGRTGSGKSTLLSAFLRLLNTEGEIQIDGVSWDSITLQQWRKAFGVIPQKVFIFSGTFRKNLDPYEQWSDQEIWKVADEVGLRSVIEQFPGKLDFVLVDGGCVLSHGHKQLMCLARSVLSKAKILLLDEPSAHLDPVTYQIIRRTLKQAFADCTVILCEHRIEAMLECQQFLVIEENKVRQYDSIQKLLNERSLFRQAISPSDRVKLFPHRNSSKCKSKPQIAALK|MQRSPLEKASVVSKLFFSWTRPILRKGYRQRLELSDIYQIPSVDSADNLSEKLEREWDRELASKKNPKLINALRRCFFWRFMFYGIFLYLGEVTKAVQPLLLGRIIASYDPDNKEERSIAIYLGIGLCLLFIVRTLLLHPAIFGLHHIGMQMRIAMFSLIYKKGLALAHFVWIAPLQVALLMGLIWELLQASAFCGLGFLIVLALFQAGLGRMMMKYRDQRAGKISERLVITSEMIENIQSVKAYCWEEAMEKMIENLRQTELKLTRKAAYVRYFNSSAFFFSGFFVVFLSVLPYALIKGIILRKIFTTISFCIVLRMAVTRQFPWAVQTWYDSLGAINKIQDFLQKQEYKTLEYNLTTTEVVMENVTAFWEEGFGELFEKAKQNNNNRKTSNGDDSLFFSNFSLLGTPVLKDINFKIERGQLLAVAGSTGAGKTSLLMVIMGELEPSEGKIKHSGRISFCSQFSWIMPGTIKENIIFGVSYDEYRYRSVIKACQLEEDISKFAEKDNIVLGEGGITLSGGQRARISLARAVYKDADLYLLDSPFGYLDVLTEKEIFESCVCKLMANKTRILVTSKMEHLKKADKILILHEGSSYFYGTFSELQNLQPDFSSKLMGCDSFDQFSAERRNSILTETLHRFSLEGDAPVSWTETKKQSFKQTGEFGEKRKNSILNPINSIRKFSIVQKTPLQMNGIEEDSDEPLERRLSLVPDSEQGEAILPRISVISTGPTLQARRRQSVLNLMTHSVNQGQNIHRKTTASTRKVSLAPQANLTELDIYSRRLSQETGLEISEEINEEDLKECFFDDMESIPAVTTWNTYLRYITVHKSLICANLVLSNFSGRGGCFFGCAVAPWKHSSSRQRE*
chr7:117595020:TTG/T:1	chr7	117595021	TT|TG|-	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000647720	coding	232	233	78	F>L|F>C	nonsyn|frameshift:stop-gain	None	XRKTTASTRKVSLAPQANLTELDIYSRRLSQETGLEISEEINEEDLKECFFDDMESIPAVTTWNTYLRYITVHKSLIFVLIWCLVIFLAEVAASLVVLWLLGNTPLQDKGNSTHSRNNSYAVIITSTSSYYVFYIYVGVADTLLAMGFFRGLPLVHTLITVSKILHHKMLHSVLQAPMSTLNTLKAGGILNRFSKDIAILDDLLPLTIFDFIQLLLIVIGAIAVVAVLQPYIFVATVPVIVAFIMLRAYFLQTSQQLKQLESEGRSPIFTHLVTSLKGLWTLRAFGRQPYFETLFHKALNLHTANWFLYLSTLRWFQMRIEMIFVIFFIAVTFISILTTGEGEGRVGIILTLAMNIMSTLQWAVNSSIDVDSLMRSVSRVFKFIDMPTEGGPLGKNWIREEYFVISFFETTEH*|XRKTTASTRKVSLAPQANLTELDIYSRRLSQETGLEISEEINEEDLKECFFDDMESIPAVTTWNTYLRYITVHKSLILVLIWCLVIFLAEVAASLVVLWLLGNTPLQDKGNSTHSRNNSYAVIITSTSSYYVFYIYVGVADTLLAMGFFRGLPLVHTLITVSKILHHKMLHSVLQAPMSTLNTLKAGGILNRFSKDIAILDDLLPLTIFDFIQLLLIVIGAIAVVAVLQPYIFVATVPVIVAFIMLRAYFLQTSQQLKQLESEGRSPIFTHLVTSLKGLWTLRAFGRQPYFETLFHKALNLHTANWFLYLSTLRWFQMRIEMIFVIFFIAVTFISILTTGEGEGRVGIILTLAMNIMSTLQWAVNSSIDVDSLMRSVSRVFKFIDMPTEGGPLGKNWIREEYFVISFFETTEH*|XRKTTASTRKVSLAPQANLTELDIYSRRLSQETGLEISEEINEEDLKECFFDDMESIPAVTTWNTYLRYITVHKSLICANLVLSNFSGRGGCFFGCAVAPWKHSSSRQRE*
chr7:117595020:TTG/T:1	chr7	117595021	TT|TG|-	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000649406	coding	2483	2399	800	F>L|F>C	nonsyn|frameshift:stop-gain	None	MQRSPLEKASVVSKLFFSWTRPILRKGYRQRLELSDIYQIPSVDSADNLSEKLEREWDRELASKKNPKLINALRRCFFWRFMFYGIFLYLGEVTKAVQPLLLGRIIASYDPDNKEERSIAIYLGIGLCLLFIVRTLLLHPAIFGLHHIGMQMRIAMFSLIYKKTLKLSSRVLDKISIGQLVSLLSNNLNKFDEGLALAHFVWIAPLQVALLMGLIWELLQASAFCGLGFLIVLALFQAGLGRMMMKYRDQRAGKISERLVITSEMIENIQSVKAYCWEEAMEKMIENLRQTELKLTRKAAYVRYFNSSAFFFSGFFVVFLSVLPYALIKGIILRKIFTTISFCIVLRMAVTRQFPWAVQTWYDSLGAINKIQDFLQKQEYKTLEYNLTTTEVVMENVTAFWEETSLLMVIMGELEPSEGKIKHSGRISFCSQFSWIMPGTIKENIIFGVSYDEYRYRSVIKACQLEEDISKFAEKDNIVLGEGGITLSGGQRARISLARAVYKDADLYLLDSPFGYLDVLTEKEIFESCVCKLMANKTRILVTSKMEHLKKADKILILHEGSSYFYGTFSELQNLQPDFSSKLMGCDSFDQFSAERRNSILTETLHRFSLEGDAPVSWTETKKQSFKQTGEFGEKRKNSILNPINSIRKFSIVQKTPLQMNGIEEDSDEPLERRLSLVPDSEQGEAILPRISVISTGPTLQARRRQSVLNLMTHSVNQGQNIHRKTTASTRKVSLAPQANLTELDIYSRRLSQETGLEISEEINEEDLKECFFDDMESIPAVTTWNTYLRYITVHKSLIFVLIWCLVIFLAEVAASLVVLWLLGNTPLQDKGNSTHSRNNSYAVIITSTSSYYVFYIYVGVADTLLAMGFFRGLPLVHTLITVSKILHHKMLHSVLQAPMSTLNTLKAGGILNRFSKDIAILDDLLPLTIFDFIQLLLIVIGAIAVVAVLQPYIFVATVPVIVAFIMLRAYFLQTSQQLKQLESEGRSPIFTHLVTSLKGLWTLRAFGRQPYFETLFHKALNLHTANWFLYLSTLRWFQMRIEMIFVIFFIAVTFISILTTGEGEGRVGIILTLAMNIMSTLQWAVNSSIDVDSLMRSVSRVFKFIDMPTEGKPTKSTKPYKNGQLSKVMIIENSHVKKDDIWPSGGQMTVKDLTAKYTEGGNAILENISFSISPGQRVRFEHCLLC*|MQRSPLEKASVVSKLFFSWTRPILRKGYRQRLELSDIYQIPSVDSADNLSEKLEREWDRELASKKNPKLINALRRCFFWRFMFYGIFLYLGEVTKAVQPLLLGRIIASYDPDNKEERSIAIYLGIGLCLLFIVRTLLLHPAIFGLHHIGMQMRIAMFSLIYKKTLKLSSRVLDKISIGQLVSLLSNNLNKFDEGLALAHFVWIAPLQVALLMGLIWELLQASAFCGLGFLIVLALFQAGLGRMMMKYRDQRAGKISERLVITSEMIENIQSVKAYCWEEAMEKMIENLRQTELKLTRKAAYVRYFNSSAFFFSGFFVVFLSVLPYALIKGIILRKIFTTISFCIVLRMAVTRQFPWAVQTWYDSLGAINKIQDFLQKQEYKTLEYNLTTTEVVMENVTAFWEETSLLMVIMGELEPSEGKIKHSGRISFCSQFSWIMPGTIKENIIFGVSYDEYRYRSVIKACQLEEDISKFAEKDNIVLGEGGITLSGGQRARISLARAVYKDADLYLLDSPFGYLDVLTEKEIFESCVCKLMANKTRILVTSKMEHLKKADKILILHEGSSYFYGTFSELQNLQPDFSSKLMGCDSFDQFSAERRNSILTETLHRFSLEGDAPVSWTETKKQSFKQTGEFGEKRKNSILNPINSIRKFSIVQKTPLQMNGIEEDSDEPLERRLSLVPDSEQGEAILPRISVISTGPTLQARRRQSVLNLMTHSVNQGQNIHRKTTASTRKVSLAPQANLTELDIYSRRLSQETGLEISEEINEEDLKECFFDDMESIPAVTTWNTYLRYITVHKSLILVLIWCLVIFLAEVAASLVVLWLLGNTPLQDKGNSTHSRNNSYAVIITSTSSYYVFYIYVGVADTLLAMGFFRGLPLVHTLITVSKILHHKMLHSVLQAPMSTLNTLKAGGILNRFSKDIAILDDLLPLTIFDFIQLLLIVIGAIAVVAVLQPYIFVATVPVIVAFIMLRAYFLQTSQQLKQLESEGRSPIFTHLVTSLKGLWTLRAFGRQPYFETLFHKALNLHTANWFLYLSTLRWFQMRIEMIFVIFFIAVTFISILTTGEGEGRVGIILTLAMNIMSTLQWAVNSSIDVDSLMRSVSRVFKFIDMPTEGKPTKSTKPYKNGQLSKVMIIENSHVKKDDIWPSGGQMTVKDLTAKYTEGGNAILENISFSISPGQRVRFEHCLLC*|MQRSPLEKASVVSKLFFSWTRPILRKGYRQRLELSDIYQIPSVDSADNLSEKLEREWDRELASKKNPKLINALRRCFFWRFMFYGIFLYLGEVTKAVQPLLLGRIIASYDPDNKEERSIAIYLGIGLCLLFIVRTLLLHPAIFGLHHIGMQMRIAMFSLIYKKTLKLSSRVLDKISIGQLVSLLSNNLNKFDEGLALAHFVWIAPLQVALLMGLIWELLQASAFCGLGFLIVLALFQAGLGRMMMKYRDQRAGKISERLVITSEMIENIQSVKAYCWEEAMEKMIENLRQTELKLTRKAAYVRYFNSSAFFFSGFFVVFLSVLPYALIKGIILRKIFTTISFCIVLRMAVTRQFPWAVQTWYDSLGAINKIQDFLQKQEYKTLEYNLTTTEVVMENVTAFWEETSLLMVIMGELEPSEGKIKHSGRISFCSQFSWIMPGTIKENIIFGVSYDEYRYRSVIKACQLEEDISKFAEKDNIVLGEGGITLSGGQRARISLARAVYKDADLYLLDSPFGYLDVLTEKEIFESCVCKLMANKTRILVTSKMEHLKKADKILILHEGSSYFYGTFSELQNLQPDFSSKLMGCDSFDQFSAERRNSILTETLHRFSLEGDAPVSWTETKKQSFKQTGEFGEKRKNSILNPINSIRKFSIVQKTPLQMNGIEEDSDEPLERRLSLVPDSEQGEAILPRISVISTGPTLQARRRQSVLNLMTHSVNQGQNIHRKTTASTRKVSLAPQANLTELDIYSRRLSQETGLEISEEINEEDLKECFFDDMESIPAVTTWNTYLRYITVHKSLICANLVLSNFSGRGGCFFGCAVAPWKHSSSRQRE*
chr7:117595020:TTG/T:1	chr7	117595021	TT|TG|-	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000649781	coding	2399	2399	800	F>L|F>C	nonsyn|frameshift:stop-gain	None	MQRSPLEKASVVSKLFFSWTRPILRKGYRQRLELSDIYQIPSVDSADNLSEKLEREWDRELASKKNPKLINALRRCFFWRFMFYGIFLYLGEVTKAVQPLLLGRIIASYDPDNKEERSIAIYLGIGLCLLFIVRTLLLHPAIFGLHHIGMQMRIAMFSLIYKKTLKLSSRVLDKISIGQLVSLLSNNLNKFDEGLALAHFVWIAPLQVALLMGLIWELLQASAFCGLGFLIVLALFQAGLGRMMMKYRDQRAGKISERLVITSEMIENIQSVKAYCWEEAMEKMIENLRQTELKLTRKAAYVRYFNSSAFFFSGFFVVFLSVLPYALIKGIILRKIFTTISFCIVLRMAVTRQFPWAVQTWYDSLGAINKIQDFLQKQEYKTLEYNLTTTEVVMENVTAFWEETSLLMVIMGELEPSEGKIKHSGRISFCSQFSWIMPGTIKENIIFGVSYDEYRYRSVIKACQLEEDISKFAEKDNIVLGEGGITLSGGQRARISLARAVYKDADLYLLDSPFGYLDVLTEKEIFESCVCKLMANKTRILVTSKMEHLKKADKILILHEGSSYFYGTFSELQNLQPDFSSKLMGCDSFDQFSAERRNSILTETLHRFSLEGDAPVSWTETKKQSFKQTGEFGEKRKNSILNPINSIRKFSIVQKTPLQMNGIEEDSDEPLERRLSLVPDSEQGEAILPRISVISTGPTLQARRRQSVLNLMTHSVNQGQNIHRKTTASTRKVSLAPQANLTELDIYSRRLSQETGLEISEEINEEDLKECFFDDMESIPAVTTWNTYLRYITVHKSLIFVLIWCLVIFLAEVAASLVVLWLLGNTPLQDKGNSTHSRNNSYAVIITSTSSYYVFYIYVGVADTLLAMGFFRGLPLVHTLITVSKILHHKMLHSVLQAPMSTLNTLKAGGILNRFSKDIAILDDLLPLTIFDFIQLLLIVIGAIAVVAVLQPYIFVATVPVIVAFIMLRAYFLQTSQQLKQLESEGRSPIFTHLVTSLKGLWTLRAFGRQPYFETLFHKALNLHTANWFLYLSTLRWFQMRIEMIFVIFFIAVTFISILTTGEGEGRVGIILTLAMNIMSTLQWAVNSSIDVDSLMRSVSRVFKFIDMPTEGKPTKSTKPYKNGQLSKVMIIENSHVKKDDIWPSGGQMTVKDLTAKYTEGGNAILENISFSISPGQRVGLLGRTGSGKSTLLSAFLRLLNTEGEIQIDGVSWDSITLQQWRKAFGVIPQKVFIFSGTFRKNLDPYEQWSDQEIWKVADEVGLRSVIEQFPGKLDFVLVDGGCVLSHGHKQLMCLARSVLSKAKILLLDEPSAHLDPVTYQIIRRTLKQAFADCTVILCEHRIEAMLECQQFLVIEENKVRQYDSIQKLLNERSLFRQAISPSDRVKLFPHRNSSKCKSKPQIAALKEETEEEVQDTRL*|MQRSPLEKASVVSKLFFSWTRPILRKGYRQRLELSDIYQIPSVDSADNLSEKLEREWDRELASKKNPKLINALRRCFFWRFMFYGIFLYLGEVTKAVQPLLLGRIIASYDPDNKEERSIAIYLGIGLCLLFIVRTLLLHPAIFGLHHIGMQMRIAMFSLIYKKTLKLSSRVLDKISIGQLVSLLSNNLNKFDEGLALAHFVWIAPLQVALLMGLIWELLQASAFCGLGFLIVLALFQAGLGRMMMKYRDQRAGKISERLVITSEMIENIQSVKAYCWEEAMEKMIENLRQTELKLTRKAAYVRYFNSSAFFFSGFFVVFLSVLPYALIKGIILRKIFTTISFCIVLRMAVTRQFPWAVQTWYDSLGAINKIQDFLQKQEYKTLEYNLTTTEVVMENVTAFWEETSLLMVIMGELEPSEGKIKHSGRISFCSQFSWIMPGTIKENIIFGVSYDEYRYRSVIKACQLEEDISKFAEKDNIVLGEGGITLSGGQRARISLARAVYKDADLYLLDSPFGYLDVLTEKEIFESCVCKLMANKTRILVTSKMEHLKKADKILILHEGSSYFYGTFSELQNLQPDFSSKLMGCDSFDQFSAERRNSILTETLHRFSLEGDAPVSWTETKKQSFKQTGEFGEKRKNSILNPINSIRKFSIVQKTPLQMNGIEEDSDEPLERRLSLVPDSEQGEAILPRISVISTGPTLQARRRQSVLNLMTHSVNQGQNIHRKTTASTRKVSLAPQANLTELDIYSRRLSQETGLEISEEINEEDLKECFFDDMESIPAVTTWNTYLRYITVHKSLILVLIWCLVIFLAEVAASLVVLWLLGNTPLQDKGNSTHSRNNSYAVIITSTSSYYVFYIYVGVADTLLAMGFFRGLPLVHTLITVSKILHHKMLHSVLQAPMSTLNTLKAGGILNRFSKDIAILDDLLPLTIFDFIQLLLIVIGAIAVVAVLQPYIFVATVPVIVAFIMLRAYFLQTSQQLKQLESEGRSPIFTHLVTSLKGLWTLRAFGRQPYFETLFHKALNLHTANWFLYLSTLRWFQMRIEMIFVIFFIAVTFISILTTGEGEGRVGIILTLAMNIMSTLQWAVNSSIDVDSLMRSVSRVFKFIDMPTEGKPTKSTKPYKNGQLSKVMIIENSHVKKDDIWPSGGQMTVKDLTAKYTEGGNAILENISFSISPGQRVGLLGRTGSGKSTLLSAFLRLLNTEGEIQIDGVSWDSITLQQWRKAFGVIPQKVFIFSGTFRKNLDPYEQWSDQEIWKVADEVGLRSVIEQFPGKLDFVLVDGGCVLSHGHKQLMCLARSVLSKAKILLLDEPSAHLDPVTYQIIRRTLKQAFADCTVILCEHRIEAMLECQQFLVIEENKVRQYDSIQKLLNERSLFRQAISPSDRVKLFPHRNSSKCKSKPQIAALKEETEEEVQDTRL*|MQRSPLEKASVVSKLFFSWTRPILRKGYRQRLELSDIYQIPSVDSADNLSEKLEREWDRELASKKNPKLINALRRCFFWRFMFYGIFLYLGEVTKAVQPLLLGRIIASYDPDNKEERSIAIYLGIGLCLLFIVRTLLLHPAIFGLHHIGMQMRIAMFSLIYKKTLKLSSRVLDKISIGQLVSLLSNNLNKFDEGLALAHFVWIAPLQVALLMGLIWELLQASAFCGLGFLIVLALFQAGLGRMMMKYRDQRAGKISERLVITSEMIENIQSVKAYCWEEAMEKMIENLRQTELKLTRKAAYVRYFNSSAFFFSGFFVVFLSVLPYALIKGIILRKIFTTISFCIVLRMAVTRQFPWAVQTWYDSLGAINKIQDFLQKQEYKTLEYNLTTTEVVMENVTAFWEETSLLMVIMGELEPSEGKIKHSGRISFCSQFSWIMPGTIKENIIFGVSYDEYRYRSVIKACQLEEDISKFAEKDNIVLGEGGITLSGGQRARISLARAVYKDADLYLLDSPFGYLDVLTEKEIFESCVCKLMANKTRILVTSKMEHLKKADKILILHEGSSYFYGTFSELQNLQPDFSSKLMGCDSFDQFSAERRNSILTETLHRFSLEGDAPVSWTETKKQSFKQTGEFGEKRKNSILNPINSIRKFSIVQKTPLQMNGIEEDSDEPLERRLSLVPDSEQGEAILPRISVISTGPTLQARRRQSVLNLMTHSVNQGQNIHRKTTASTRKVSLAPQANLTELDIYSRRLSQETGLEISEEINEEDLKECFFDDMESIPAVTTWNTYLRYITVHKSLICANLVLSNFSGRGGCFFGCAVAPWKHSSSRQRE*
chr7:117595020:TTG/T:1	chr7	117595021	TG|-	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000647978	3downstream	None	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr7:117595023:G/C:1	chr7	117595023	G|C	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000648260	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	7803	None
chr7:117595023:G/C:1	chr7	117595023	G|C	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000003084	coding	2716	2584	862	V>L	nonsyn	None	MQRSPLEKASVVSKLFFSWTRPILRKGYRQRLELSDIYQIPSVDSADNLSEKLEREWDRELASKKNPKLINALRRCFFWRFMFYGIFLYLGEVTKAVQPLLLGRIIASYDPDNKEERSIAIYLGIGLCLLFIVRTLLLHPAIFGLHHIGMQMRIAMFSLIYKKTLKLSSRVLDKISIGQLVSLLSNNLNKFDEGLALAHFVWIAPLQVALLMGLIWELLQASAFCGLGFLIVLALFQAGLGRMMMKYRDQRAGKISERLVITSEMIENIQSVKAYCWEEAMEKMIENLRQTELKLTRKAAYVRYFNSSAFFFSGFFVVFLSVLPYALIKGIILRKIFTTISFCIVLRMAVTRQFPWAVQTWYDSLGAINKIQDFLQKQEYKTLEYNLTTTEVVMENVTAFWEEGFGELFEKAKQNNNNRKTSNGDDSLFFSNFSLLGTPVLKDINFKIERGQLLAVAGSTGAGKTSLLMVIMGELEPSEGKIKHSGRISFCSQFSWIMPGTIKENIIFGVSYDEYRYRSVIKACQLEEDISKFAEKDNIVLGEGGITLSGGQRARISLARAVYKDADLYLLDSPFGYLDVLTEKEIFESCVCKLMANKTRILVTSKMEHLKKADKILILHEGSSYFYGTFSELQNLQPDFSSKLMGCDSFDQFSAERRNSILTETLHRFSLEGDAPVSWTETKKQSFKQTGEFGEKRKNSILNPINSIRKFSIVQKTPLQMNGIEEDSDEPLERRLSLVPDSEQGEAILPRISVISTGPTLQARRRQSVLNLMTHSVNQGQNIHRKTTASTRKVSLAPQANLTELDIYSRRLSQETGLEISEEINEEDLKECFFDDMESIPAVTTWNTYLRYITVHKSLIFVLIWCLVIFLAEVAASLVVLWLLGNTPLQDKGNSTHSRNNSYAVIITSTSSYYVFYIYVGVADTLLAMGFFRGLPLVHTLITVSKILHHKMLHSVLQAPMSTLNTLKAGGILNRFSKDIAILDDLLPLTIFDFIQLLLIVIGAIAVVAVLQPYIFVATVPVIVAFIMLRAYFLQTSQQLKQLESEGRSPIFTHLVTSLKGLWTLRAFGRQPYFETLFHKALNLHTANWFLYLSTLRWFQMRIEMIFVIFFIAVTFISILTTGEGEGRVGIILTLAMNIMSTLQWAVNSSIDVDSLMRSVSRVFKFIDMPTEGKPTKSTKPYKNGQLSKVMIIENSHVKKDDIWPSGGQMTVKDLTAKYTEGGNAILENISFSISPGQRVGLLGRTGSGKSTLLSAFLRLLNTEGEIQIDGVSWDSITLQQWRKAFGVIPQKVFIFSGTFRKNLDPYEQWSDQEIWKVADEVGLRSVIEQFPGKLDFVLVDGGCVLSHGHKQLMCLARSVLSKAKILLLDEPSAHLDPVTYQIIRRTLKQAFADCTVILCEHRIEAMLECQQFLVIEENKVRQYDSIQKLLNERSLFRQAISPSDRVKLFPHRNSSKCKSKPQIAALKEETEEEVQDTRL*|MQRSPLEKASVVSKLFFSWTRPILRKGYRQRLELSDIYQIPSVDSADNLSEKLEREWDRELASKKNPKLINALRRCFFWRFMFYGIFLYLGEVTKAVQPLLLGRIIASYDPDNKEERSIAIYLGIGLCLLFIVRTLLLHPAIFGLHHIGMQMRIAMFSLIYKKTLKLSSRVLDKISIGQLVSLLSNNLNKFDEGLALAHFVWIAPLQVALLMGLIWELLQASAFCGLGFLIVLALFQAGLGRMMMKYRDQRAGKISERLVITSEMIENIQSVKAYCWEEAMEKMIENLRQTELKLTRKAAYVRYFNSSAFFFSGFFVVFLSVLPYALIKGIILRKIFTTISFCIVLRMAVTRQFPWAVQTWYDSLGAINKIQDFLQKQEYKTLEYNLTTTEVVMENVTAFWEEGFGELFEKAKQNNNNRKTSNGDDSLFFSNFSLLGTPVLKDINFKIERGQLLAVAGSTGAGKTSLLMVIMGELEPSEGKIKHSGRISFCSQFSWIMPGTIKENIIFGVSYDEYRYRSVIKACQLEEDISKFAEKDNIVLGEGGITLSGGQRARISLARAVYKDADLYLLDSPFGYLDVLTEKEIFESCVCKLMANKTRILVTSKMEHLKKADKILILHEGSSYFYGTFSELQNLQPDFSSKLMGCDSFDQFSAERRNSILTETLHRFSLEGDAPVSWTETKKQSFKQTGEFGEKRKNSILNPINSIRKFSIVQKTPLQMNGIEEDSDEPLERRLSLVPDSEQGEAILPRISVISTGPTLQARRRQSVLNLMTHSVNQGQNIHRKTTASTRKVSLAPQANLTELDIYSRRLSQETGLEISEEINEEDLKECFFDDMESIPAVTTWNTYLRYITVHKSLIFLLIWCLVIFLAEVAASLVVLWLLGNTPLQDKGNSTHSRNNSYAVIITSTSSYYVFYIYVGVADTLLAMGFFRGLPLVHTLITVSKILHHKMLHSVLQAPMSTLNTLKAGGILNRFSKDIAILDDLLPLTIFDFIQLLLIVIGAIAVVAVLQPYIFVATVPVIVAFIMLRAYFLQTSQQLKQLESEGRSPIFTHLVTSLKGLWTLRAFGRQPYFETLFHKALNLHTANWFLYLSTLRWFQMRIEMIFVIFFIAVTFISILTTGEGEGRVGIILTLAMNIMSTLQWAVNSSIDVDSLMRSVSRVFKFIDMPTEGKPTKSTKPYKNGQLSKVMIIENSHVKKDDIWPSGGQMTVKDLTAKYTEGGNAILENISFSISPGQRVGLLGRTGSGKSTLLSAFLRLLNTEGEIQIDGVSWDSITLQQWRKAFGVIPQKVFIFSGTFRKNLDPYEQWSDQEIWKVADEVGLRSVIEQFPGKLDFVLVDGGCVLSHGHKQLMCLARSVLSKAKILLLDEPSAHLDPVTYQIIRRTLKQAFADCTVILCEHRIEAMLECQQFLVIEENKVRQYDSIQKLLNERSLFRQAISPSDRVKLFPHRNSSKCKSKPQIAALKEETEEEVQDTRL*
chr7:117595023:G/C:1	chr7	117595023	G|C	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000426809	coding	2494	2494	832	V>L	*nonsyn	None	MQRSPLEKASVVSKLFFSWTRPILRKGYRQRLELSDIYQIPSVDSADNLSEKLEREWDRELASKKNPKLINALRRCFFWRFMFYGIFLYLGEVTKAVQPLLLGRIIASYDPDNKEERSIAIYLGIGLCLLFIVRTLLLHPAIFGLHHIGMQMRIAMFSLIYKKGLALAHFVWIAPLQVALLMGLIWELLQASAFCGLGFLIVLALFQAGLGRMMMKYRDQRAGKISERLVITSEMIENIQSVKAYCWEEAMEKMIENLRQTELKLTRKAAYVRYFNSSAFFFSGFFVVFLSVLPYALIKGIILRKIFTTISFCIVLRMAVTRQFPWAVQTWYDSLGAINKIQDFLQKQEYKTLEYNLTTTEVVMENVTAFWEEGFGELFEKAKQNNNNRKTSNGDDSLFFSNFSLLGTPVLKDINFKIERGQLLAVAGSTGAGKTSLLMVIMGELEPSEGKIKHSGRISFCSQFSWIMPGTIKENIIFGVSYDEYRYRSVIKACQLEEDISKFAEKDNIVLGEGGITLSGGQRARISLARAVYKDADLYLLDSPFGYLDVLTEKEIFESCVCKLMANKTRILVTSKMEHLKKADKILILHEGSSYFYGTFSELQNLQPDFSSKLMGCDSFDQFSAERRNSILTETLHRFSLEGDAPVSWTETKKQSFKQTGEFGEKRKNSILNPINSIRKFSIVQKTPLQMNGIEEDSDEPLERRLSLVPDSEQGEAILPRISVISTGPTLQARRRQSVLNLMTHSVNQGQNIHRKTTASTRKVSLAPQANLTELDIYSRRLSQETGLEISEEINEEDLKECFFDDMESIPAVTTWNTYLRYITVHKSLIFVLIWCLVIFLAEVAASLVVLWLLGNTPLQDKGNSTHSRNNSYAVIITSTSSYYVFYIYVGVADTLLAMGFFRGLPLVHTLITVSKILHHKMLHSVLQAPMSTLNTLKAGGILNRFSKDIAILDDLLPLTIFDFIQLLLIVIGAIAVVAVLQPYIFVATVPVIVAFIMLRAYFLQTSQQLKQLESEGRSPIFTHLVTSLKGLWTLRAFGRQPYFETLFHKALNLHTANWFLYLSTLRWFQMRIEMIFVIFFIAVTFISILTTGEGEGRVGIILTLAMNIMSTLQWAVNSSIDVDSLMRSVSRVFKFIDMPTEGKPTKSTKPYKNGQLSKVMIIENSHVKKDDIWPSGGQMTVKDLTAKYTEGGNAILENISFSISPGQRVGLLGRTGSGKSTLLSAFLRLLNTEGEIQIDGVSWDSITLQQWRKAFGVIPQKVFIFSGTFRKNLDPYEQWSDQEIWKVADEVGLRSVIEQFPGKLDFVLVDGGCVLSHGHKQLMCLARSVLSKAKILLLDEPSAHLDPVTYQIIRRTLKQAFADCTVILCEHRIEAMLECQQFLVIEENKVRQYDSIQKLLNERSLFRQAISPSDRVKLFPHRNSSKCKSKPQIAALK|MQRSPLEKASVVSKLFFSWTRPILRKGYRQRLELSDIYQIPSVDSADNLSEKLEREWDRELASKKNPKLINALRRCFFWRFMFYGIFLYLGEVTKAVQPLLLGRIIASYDPDNKEERSIAIYLGIGLCLLFIVRTLLLHPAIFGLHHIGMQMRIAMFSLIYKKGLALAHFVWIAPLQVALLMGLIWELLQASAFCGLGFLIVLALFQAGLGRMMMKYRDQRAGKISERLVITSEMIENIQSVKAYCWEEAMEKMIENLRQTELKLTRKAAYVRYFNSSAFFFSGFFVVFLSVLPYALIKGIILRKIFTTISFCIVLRMAVTRQFPWAVQTWYDSLGAINKIQDFLQKQEYKTLEYNLTTTEVVMENVTAFWEEGFGELFEKAKQNNNNRKTSNGDDSLFFSNFSLLGTPVLKDINFKIERGQLLAVAGSTGAGKTSLLMVIMGELEPSEGKIKHSGRISFCSQFSWIMPGTIKENIIFGVSYDEYRYRSVIKACQLEEDISKFAEKDNIVLGEGGITLSGGQRARISLARAVYKDADLYLLDSPFGYLDVLTEKEIFESCVCKLMANKTRILVTSKMEHLKKADKILILHEGSSYFYGTFSELQNLQPDFSSKLMGCDSFDQFSAERRNSILTETLHRFSLEGDAPVSWTETKKQSFKQTGEFGEKRKNSILNPINSIRKFSIVQKTPLQMNGIEEDSDEPLERRLSLVPDSEQGEAILPRISVISTGPTLQARRRQSVLNLMTHSVNQGQNIHRKTTASTRKVSLAPQANLTELDIYSRRLSQETGLEISEEINEEDLKECFFDDMESIPAVTTWNTYLRYITVHKSLIFLLIWCLVIFLAEVAASLVVLWLLGNTPLQDKGNSTHSRNNSYAVIITSTSSYYVFYIYVGVADTLLAMGFFRGLPLVHTLITVSKILHHKMLHSVLQAPMSTLNTLKAGGILNRFSKDIAILDDLLPLTIFDFIQLLLIVIGAIAVVAVLQPYIFVATVPVIVAFIMLRAYFLQTSQQLKQLESEGRSPIFTHLVTSLKGLWTLRAFGRQPYFETLFHKALNLHTANWFLYLSTLRWFQMRIEMIFVIFFIAVTFISILTTGEGEGRVGIILTLAMNIMSTLQWAVNSSIDVDSLMRSVSRVFKFIDMPTEGKPTKSTKPYKNGQLSKVMIIENSHVKKDDIWPSGGQMTVKDLTAKYTEGGNAILENISFSISPGQRVGLLGRTGSGKSTLLSAFLRLLNTEGEIQIDGVSWDSITLQQWRKAFGVIPQKVFIFSGTFRKNLDPYEQWSDQEIWKVADEVGLRSVIEQFPGKLDFVLVDGGCVLSHGHKQLMCLARSVLSKAKILLLDEPSAHLDPVTYQIIRRTLKQAFADCTVILCEHRIEAMLECQQFLVIEENKVRQYDSIQKLLNERSLFRQAISPSDRVKLFPHRNSSKCKSKPQIAALK
chr7:117595023:G/C:1	chr7	117595023	G|C	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000647720	coding	234	235	79	V>L	nonsyn	None	XRKTTASTRKVSLAPQANLTELDIYSRRLSQETGLEISEEINEEDLKECFFDDMESIPAVTTWNTYLRYITVHKSLIFVLIWCLVIFLAEVAASLVVLWLLGNTPLQDKGNSTHSRNNSYAVIITSTSSYYVFYIYVGVADTLLAMGFFRGLPLVHTLITVSKILHHKMLHSVLQAPMSTLNTLKAGGILNRFSKDIAILDDLLPLTIFDFIQLLLIVIGAIAVVAVLQPYIFVATVPVIVAFIMLRAYFLQTSQQLKQLESEGRSPIFTHLVTSLKGLWTLRAFGRQPYFETLFHKALNLHTANWFLYLSTLRWFQMRIEMIFVIFFIAVTFISILTTGEGEGRVGIILTLAMNIMSTLQWAVNSSIDVDSLMRSVSRVFKFIDMPTEGGPLGKNWIREEYFVISFFETTEH*|XRKTTASTRKVSLAPQANLTELDIYSRRLSQETGLEISEEINEEDLKECFFDDMESIPAVTTWNTYLRYITVHKSLIFLLIWCLVIFLAEVAASLVVLWLLGNTPLQDKGNSTHSRNNSYAVIITSTSSYYVFYIYVGVADTLLAMGFFRGLPLVHTLITVSKILHHKMLHSVLQAPMSTLNTLKAGGILNRFSKDIAILDDLLPLTIFDFIQLLLIVIGAIAVVAVLQPYIFVATVPVIVAFIMLRAYFLQTSQQLKQLESEGRSPIFTHLVTSLKGLWTLRAFGRQPYFETLFHKALNLHTANWFLYLSTLRWFQMRIEMIFVIFFIAVTFISILTTGEGEGRVGIILTLAMNIMSTLQWAVNSSIDVDSLMRSVSRVFKFIDMPTEGGPLGKNWIREEYFVISFFETTEH*
chr7:117595023:G/C:1	chr7	117595023	G|C	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000649406	coding	2485	2401	801	V>L	nonsyn	None	MQRSPLEKASVVSKLFFSWTRPILRKGYRQRLELSDIYQIPSVDSADNLSEKLEREWDRELASKKNPKLINALRRCFFWRFMFYGIFLYLGEVTKAVQPLLLGRIIASYDPDNKEERSIAIYLGIGLCLLFIVRTLLLHPAIFGLHHIGMQMRIAMFSLIYKKTLKLSSRVLDKISIGQLVSLLSNNLNKFDEGLALAHFVWIAPLQVALLMGLIWELLQASAFCGLGFLIVLALFQAGLGRMMMKYRDQRAGKISERLVITSEMIENIQSVKAYCWEEAMEKMIENLRQTELKLTRKAAYVRYFNSSAFFFSGFFVVFLSVLPYALIKGIILRKIFTTISFCIVLRMAVTRQFPWAVQTWYDSLGAINKIQDFLQKQEYKTLEYNLTTTEVVMENVTAFWEETSLLMVIMGELEPSEGKIKHSGRISFCSQFSWIMPGTIKENIIFGVSYDEYRYRSVIKACQLEEDISKFAEKDNIVLGEGGITLSGGQRARISLARAVYKDADLYLLDSPFGYLDVLTEKEIFESCVCKLMANKTRILVTSKMEHLKKADKILILHEGSSYFYGTFSELQNLQPDFSSKLMGCDSFDQFSAERRNSILTETLHRFSLEGDAPVSWTETKKQSFKQTGEFGEKRKNSILNPINSIRKFSIVQKTPLQMNGIEEDSDEPLERRLSLVPDSEQGEAILPRISVISTGPTLQARRRQSVLNLMTHSVNQGQNIHRKTTASTRKVSLAPQANLTELDIYSRRLSQETGLEISEEINEEDLKECFFDDMESIPAVTTWNTYLRYITVHKSLIFVLIWCLVIFLAEVAASLVVLWLLGNTPLQDKGNSTHSRNNSYAVIITSTSSYYVFYIYVGVADTLLAMGFFRGLPLVHTLITVSKILHHKMLHSVLQAPMSTLNTLKAGGILNRFSKDIAILDDLLPLTIFDFIQLLLIVIGAIAVVAVLQPYIFVATVPVIVAFIMLRAYFLQTSQQLKQLESEGRSPIFTHLVTSLKGLWTLRAFGRQPYFETLFHKALNLHTANWFLYLSTLRWFQMRIEMIFVIFFIAVTFISILTTGEGEGRVGIILTLAMNIMSTLQWAVNSSIDVDSLMRSVSRVFKFIDMPTEGKPTKSTKPYKNGQLSKVMIIENSHVKKDDIWPSGGQMTVKDLTAKYTEGGNAILENISFSISPGQRVRFEHCLLC*|MQRSPLEKASVVSKLFFSWTRPILRKGYRQRLELSDIYQIPSVDSADNLSEKLEREWDRELASKKNPKLINALRRCFFWRFMFYGIFLYLGEVTKAVQPLLLGRIIASYDPDNKEERSIAIYLGIGLCLLFIVRTLLLHPAIFGLHHIGMQMRIAMFSLIYKKTLKLSSRVLDKISIGQLVSLLSNNLNKFDEGLALAHFVWIAPLQVALLMGLIWELLQASAFCGLGFLIVLALFQAGLGRMMMKYRDQRAGKISERLVITSEMIENIQSVKAYCWEEAMEKMIENLRQTELKLTRKAAYVRYFNSSAFFFSGFFVVFLSVLPYALIKGIILRKIFTTISFCIVLRMAVTRQFPWAVQTWYDSLGAINKIQDFLQKQEYKTLEYNLTTTEVVMENVTAFWEETSLLMVIMGELEPSEGKIKHSGRISFCSQFSWIMPGTIKENIIFGVSYDEYRYRSVIKACQLEEDISKFAEKDNIVLGEGGITLSGGQRARISLARAVYKDADLYLLDSPFGYLDVLTEKEIFESCVCKLMANKTRILVTSKMEHLKKADKILILHEGSSYFYGTFSELQNLQPDFSSKLMGCDSFDQFSAERRNSILTETLHRFSLEGDAPVSWTETKKQSFKQTGEFGEKRKNSILNPINSIRKFSIVQKTPLQMNGIEEDSDEPLERRLSLVPDSEQGEAILPRISVISTGPTLQARRRQSVLNLMTHSVNQGQNIHRKTTASTRKVSLAPQANLTELDIYSRRLSQETGLEISEEINEEDLKECFFDDMESIPAVTTWNTYLRYITVHKSLIFLLIWCLVIFLAEVAASLVVLWLLGNTPLQDKGNSTHSRNNSYAVIITSTSSYYVFYIYVGVADTLLAMGFFRGLPLVHTLITVSKILHHKMLHSVLQAPMSTLNTLKAGGILNRFSKDIAILDDLLPLTIFDFIQLLLIVIGAIAVVAVLQPYIFVATVPVIVAFIMLRAYFLQTSQQLKQLESEGRSPIFTHLVTSLKGLWTLRAFGRQPYFETLFHKALNLHTANWFLYLSTLRWFQMRIEMIFVIFFIAVTFISILTTGEGEGRVGIILTLAMNIMSTLQWAVNSSIDVDSLMRSVSRVFKFIDMPTEGKPTKSTKPYKNGQLSKVMIIENSHVKKDDIWPSGGQMTVKDLTAKYTEGGNAILENISFSISPGQRVRFEHCLLC*
chr7:117595023:G/C:1	chr7	117595023	G|C	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000649781	coding	2401	2401	801	V>L	nonsyn	None	MQRSPLEKASVVSKLFFSWTRPILRKGYRQRLELSDIYQIPSVDSADNLSEKLEREWDRELASKKNPKLINALRRCFFWRFMFYGIFLYLGEVTKAVQPLLLGRIIASYDPDNKEERSIAIYLGIGLCLLFIVRTLLLHPAIFGLHHIGMQMRIAMFSLIYKKTLKLSSRVLDKISIGQLVSLLSNNLNKFDEGLALAHFVWIAPLQVALLMGLIWELLQASAFCGLGFLIVLALFQAGLGRMMMKYRDQRAGKISERLVITSEMIENIQSVKAYCWEEAMEKMIENLRQTELKLTRKAAYVRYFNSSAFFFSGFFVVFLSVLPYALIKGIILRKIFTTISFCIVLRMAVTRQFPWAVQTWYDSLGAINKIQDFLQKQEYKTLEYNLTTTEVVMENVTAFWEETSLLMVIMGELEPSEGKIKHSGRISFCSQFSWIMPGTIKENIIFGVSYDEYRYRSVIKACQLEEDISKFAEKDNIVLGEGGITLSGGQRARISLARAVYKDADLYLLDSPFGYLDVLTEKEIFESCVCKLMANKTRILVTSKMEHLKKADKILILHEGSSYFYGTFSELQNLQPDFSSKLMGCDSFDQFSAERRNSILTETLHRFSLEGDAPVSWTETKKQSFKQTGEFGEKRKNSILNPINSIRKFSIVQKTPLQMNGIEEDSDEPLERRLSLVPDSEQGEAILPRISVISTGPTLQARRRQSVLNLMTHSVNQGQNIHRKTTASTRKVSLAPQANLTELDIYSRRLSQETGLEISEEINEEDLKECFFDDMESIPAVTTWNTYLRYITVHKSLIFVLIWCLVIFLAEVAASLVVLWLLGNTPLQDKGNSTHSRNNSYAVIITSTSSYYVFYIYVGVADTLLAMGFFRGLPLVHTLITVSKILHHKMLHSVLQAPMSTLNTLKAGGILNRFSKDIAILDDLLPLTIFDFIQLLLIVIGAIAVVAVLQPYIFVATVPVIVAFIMLRAYFLQTSQQLKQLESEGRSPIFTHLVTSLKGLWTLRAFGRQPYFETLFHKALNLHTANWFLYLSTLRWFQMRIEMIFVIFFIAVTFISILTTGEGEGRVGIILTLAMNIMSTLQWAVNSSIDVDSLMRSVSRVFKFIDMPTEGKPTKSTKPYKNGQLSKVMIIENSHVKKDDIWPSGGQMTVKDLTAKYTEGGNAILENISFSISPGQRVGLLGRTGSGKSTLLSAFLRLLNTEGEIQIDGVSWDSITLQQWRKAFGVIPQKVFIFSGTFRKNLDPYEQWSDQEIWKVADEVGLRSVIEQFPGKLDFVLVDGGCVLSHGHKQLMCLARSVLSKAKILLLDEPSAHLDPVTYQIIRRTLKQAFADCTVILCEHRIEAMLECQQFLVIEENKVRQYDSIQKLLNERSLFRQAISPSDRVKLFPHRNSSKCKSKPQIAALKEETEEEVQDTRL*|MQRSPLEKASVVSKLFFSWTRPILRKGYRQRLELSDIYQIPSVDSADNLSEKLEREWDRELASKKNPKLINALRRCFFWRFMFYGIFLYLGEVTKAVQPLLLGRIIASYDPDNKEERSIAIYLGIGLCLLFIVRTLLLHPAIFGLHHIGMQMRIAMFSLIYKKTLKLSSRVLDKISIGQLVSLLSNNLNKFDEGLALAHFVWIAPLQVALLMGLIWELLQASAFCGLGFLIVLALFQAGLGRMMMKYRDQRAGKISERLVITSEMIENIQSVKAYCWEEAMEKMIENLRQTELKLTRKAAYVRYFNSSAFFFSGFFVVFLSVLPYALIKGIILRKIFTTISFCIVLRMAVTRQFPWAVQTWYDSLGAINKIQDFLQKQEYKTLEYNLTTTEVVMENVTAFWEETSLLMVIMGELEPSEGKIKHSGRISFCSQFSWIMPGTIKENIIFGVSYDEYRYRSVIKACQLEEDISKFAEKDNIVLGEGGITLSGGQRARISLARAVYKDADLYLLDSPFGYLDVLTEKEIFESCVCKLMANKTRILVTSKMEHLKKADKILILHEGSSYFYGTFSELQNLQPDFSSKLMGCDSFDQFSAERRNSILTETLHRFSLEGDAPVSWTETKKQSFKQTGEFGEKRKNSILNPINSIRKFSIVQKTPLQMNGIEEDSDEPLERRLSLVPDSEQGEAILPRISVISTGPTLQARRRQSVLNLMTHSVNQGQNIHRKTTASTRKVSLAPQANLTELDIYSRRLSQETGLEISEEINEEDLKECFFDDMESIPAVTTWNTYLRYITVHKSLIFLLIWCLVIFLAEVAASLVVLWLLGNTPLQDKGNSTHSRNNSYAVIITSTSSYYVFYIYVGVADTLLAMGFFRGLPLVHTLITVSKILHHKMLHSVLQAPMSTLNTLKAGGILNRFSKDIAILDDLLPLTIFDFIQLLLIVIGAIAVVAVLQPYIFVATVPVIVAFIMLRAYFLQTSQQLKQLESEGRSPIFTHLVTSLKGLWTLRAFGRQPYFETLFHKALNLHTANWFLYLSTLRWFQMRIEMIFVIFFIAVTFISILTTGEGEGRVGIILTLAMNIMSTLQWAVNSSIDVDSLMRSVSRVFKFIDMPTEGKPTKSTKPYKNGQLSKVMIIENSHVKKDDIWPSGGQMTVKDLTAKYTEGGNAILENISFSISPGQRVGLLGRTGSGKSTLLSAFLRLLNTEGEIQIDGVSWDSITLQQWRKAFGVIPQKVFIFSGTFRKNLDPYEQWSDQEIWKVADEVGLRSVIEQFPGKLDFVLVDGGCVLSHGHKQLMCLARSVLSKAKILLLDEPSAHLDPVTYQIIRRTLKQAFADCTVILCEHRIEAMLECQQFLVIEENKVRQYDSIQKLLNERSLFRQAISPSDRVKLFPHRNSSKCKSKPQIAALKEETEEEVQDTRL*
chr7:117595023:G/C:1	chr7	117595023	G|C	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000647978	3downstream	None	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr7:117595027:T/A:1	chr7	117595027	T|A	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000648260	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	7799	None
chr7:117595027:T/A:1	chr7	117595027	T|A	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000003084	coding	2720	2588	863	L>Q	nonsyn	None	MQRSPLEKASVVSKLFFSWTRPILRKGYRQRLELSDIYQIPSVDSADNLSEKLEREWDRELASKKNPKLINALRRCFFWRFMFYGIFLYLGEVTKAVQPLLLGRIIASYDPDNKEERSIAIYLGIGLCLLFIVRTLLLHPAIFGLHHIGMQMRIAMFSLIYKKTLKLSSRVLDKISIGQLVSLLSNNLNKFDEGLALAHFVWIAPLQVALLMGLIWELLQASAFCGLGFLIVLALFQAGLGRMMMKYRDQRAGKISERLVITSEMIENIQSVKAYCWEEAMEKMIENLRQTELKLTRKAAYVRYFNSSAFFFSGFFVVFLSVLPYALIKGIILRKIFTTISFCIVLRMAVTRQFPWAVQTWYDSLGAINKIQDFLQKQEYKTLEYNLTTTEVVMENVTAFWEEGFGELFEKAKQNNNNRKTSNGDDSLFFSNFSLLGTPVLKDINFKIERGQLLAVAGSTGAGKTSLLMVIMGELEPSEGKIKHSGRISFCSQFSWIMPGTIKENIIFGVSYDEYRYRSVIKACQLEEDISKFAEKDNIVLGEGGITLSGGQRARISLARAVYKDADLYLLDSPFGYLDVLTEKEIFESCVCKLMANKTRILVTSKMEHLKKADKILILHEGSSYFYGTFSELQNLQPDFSSKLMGCDSFDQFSAERRNSILTETLHRFSLEGDAPVSWTETKKQSFKQTGEFGEKRKNSILNPINSIRKFSIVQKTPLQMNGIEEDSDEPLERRLSLVPDSEQGEAILPRISVISTGPTLQARRRQSVLNLMTHSVNQGQNIHRKTTASTRKVSLAPQANLTELDIYSRRLSQETGLEISEEINEEDLKECFFDDMESIPAVTTWNTYLRYITVHKSLIFVLIWCLVIFLAEVAASLVVLWLLGNTPLQDKGNSTHSRNNSYAVIITSTSSYYVFYIYVGVADTLLAMGFFRGLPLVHTLITVSKILHHKMLHSVLQAPMSTLNTLKAGGILNRFSKDIAILDDLLPLTIFDFIQLLLIVIGAIAVVAVLQPYIFVATVPVIVAFIMLRAYFLQTSQQLKQLESEGRSPIFTHLVTSLKGLWTLRAFGRQPYFETLFHKALNLHTANWFLYLSTLRWFQMRIEMIFVIFFIAVTFISILTTGEGEGRVGIILTLAMNIMSTLQWAVNSSIDVDSLMRSVSRVFKFIDMPTEGKPTKSTKPYKNGQLSKVMIIENSHVKKDDIWPSGGQMTVKDLTAKYTEGGNAILENISFSISPGQRVGLLGRTGSGKSTLLSAFLRLLNTEGEIQIDGVSWDSITLQQWRKAFGVIPQKVFIFSGTFRKNLDPYEQWSDQEIWKVADEVGLRSVIEQFPGKLDFVLVDGGCVLSHGHKQLMCLARSVLSKAKILLLDEPSAHLDPVTYQIIRRTLKQAFADCTVILCEHRIEAMLECQQFLVIEENKVRQYDSIQKLLNERSLFRQAISPSDRVKLFPHRNSSKCKSKPQIAALKEETEEEVQDTRL*|MQRSPLEKASVVSKLFFSWTRPILRKGYRQRLELSDIYQIPSVDSADNLSEKLEREWDRELASKKNPKLINALRRCFFWRFMFYGIFLYLGEVTKAVQPLLLGRIIASYDPDNKEERSIAIYLGIGLCLLFIVRTLLLHPAIFGLHHIGMQMRIAMFSLIYKKTLKLSSRVLDKISIGQLVSLLSNNLNKFDEGLALAHFVWIAPLQVALLMGLIWELLQASAFCGLGFLIVLALFQAGLGRMMMKYRDQRAGKISERLVITSEMIENIQSVKAYCWEEAMEKMIENLRQTELKLTRKAAYVRYFNSSAFFFSGFFVVFLSVLPYALIKGIILRKIFTTISFCIVLRMAVTRQFPWAVQTWYDSLGAINKIQDFLQKQEYKTLEYNLTTTEVVMENVTAFWEEGFGELFEKAKQNNNNRKTSNGDDSLFFSNFSLLGTPVLKDINFKIERGQLLAVAGSTGAGKTSLLMVIMGELEPSEGKIKHSGRISFCSQFSWIMPGTIKENIIFGVSYDEYRYRSVIKACQLEEDISKFAEKDNIVLGEGGITLSGGQRARISLARAVYKDADLYLLDSPFGYLDVLTEKEIFESCVCKLMANKTRILVTSKMEHLKKADKILILHEGSSYFYGTFSELQNLQPDFSSKLMGCDSFDQFSAERRNSILTETLHRFSLEGDAPVSWTETKKQSFKQTGEFGEKRKNSILNPINSIRKFSIVQKTPLQMNGIEEDSDEPLERRLSLVPDSEQGEAILPRISVISTGPTLQARRRQSVLNLMTHSVNQGQNIHRKTTASTRKVSLAPQANLTELDIYSRRLSQETGLEISEEINEEDLKECFFDDMESIPAVTTWNTYLRYITVHKSLIFVQIWCLVIFLAEVAASLVVLWLLGNTPLQDKGNSTHSRNNSYAVIITSTSSYYVFYIYVGVADTLLAMGFFRGLPLVHTLITVSKILHHKMLHSVLQAPMSTLNTLKAGGILNRFSKDIAILDDLLPLTIFDFIQLLLIVIGAIAVVAVLQPYIFVATVPVIVAFIMLRAYFLQTSQQLKQLESEGRSPIFTHLVTSLKGLWTLRAFGRQPYFETLFHKALNLHTANWFLYLSTLRWFQMRIEMIFVIFFIAVTFISILTTGEGEGRVGIILTLAMNIMSTLQWAVNSSIDVDSLMRSVSRVFKFIDMPTEGKPTKSTKPYKNGQLSKVMIIENSHVKKDDIWPSGGQMTVKDLTAKYTEGGNAILENISFSISPGQRVGLLGRTGSGKSTLLSAFLRLLNTEGEIQIDGVSWDSITLQQWRKAFGVIPQKVFIFSGTFRKNLDPYEQWSDQEIWKVADEVGLRSVIEQFPGKLDFVLVDGGCVLSHGHKQLMCLARSVLSKAKILLLDEPSAHLDPVTYQIIRRTLKQAFADCTVILCEHRIEAMLECQQFLVIEENKVRQYDSIQKLLNERSLFRQAISPSDRVKLFPHRNSSKCKSKPQIAALKEETEEEVQDTRL*
chr7:117595027:T/A:1	chr7	117595027	T|A	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000426809	coding	2498	2498	833	L>Q	*nonsyn	None	MQRSPLEKASVVSKLFFSWTRPILRKGYRQRLELSDIYQIPSVDSADNLSEKLEREWDRELASKKNPKLINALRRCFFWRFMFYGIFLYLGEVTKAVQPLLLGRIIASYDPDNKEERSIAIYLGIGLCLLFIVRTLLLHPAIFGLHHIGMQMRIAMFSLIYKKGLALAHFVWIAPLQVALLMGLIWELLQASAFCGLGFLIVLALFQAGLGRMMMKYRDQRAGKISERLVITSEMIENIQSVKAYCWEEAMEKMIENLRQTELKLTRKAAYVRYFNSSAFFFSGFFVVFLSVLPYALIKGIILRKIFTTISFCIVLRMAVTRQFPWAVQTWYDSLGAINKIQDFLQKQEYKTLEYNLTTTEVVMENVTAFWEEGFGELFEKAKQNNNNRKTSNGDDSLFFSNFSLLGTPVLKDINFKIERGQLLAVAGSTGAGKTSLLMVIMGELEPSEGKIKHSGRISFCSQFSWIMPGTIKENIIFGVSYDEYRYRSVIKACQLEEDISKFAEKDNIVLGEGGITLSGGQRARISLARAVYKDADLYLLDSPFGYLDVLTEKEIFESCVCKLMANKTRILVTSKMEHLKKADKILILHEGSSYFYGTFSELQNLQPDFSSKLMGCDSFDQFSAERRNSILTETLHRFSLEGDAPVSWTETKKQSFKQTGEFGEKRKNSILNPINSIRKFSIVQKTPLQMNGIEEDSDEPLERRLSLVPDSEQGEAILPRISVISTGPTLQARRRQSVLNLMTHSVNQGQNIHRKTTASTRKVSLAPQANLTELDIYSRRLSQETGLEISEEINEEDLKECFFDDMESIPAVTTWNTYLRYITVHKSLIFVLIWCLVIFLAEVAASLVVLWLLGNTPLQDKGNSTHSRNNSYAVIITSTSSYYVFYIYVGVADTLLAMGFFRGLPLVHTLITVSKILHHKMLHSVLQAPMSTLNTLKAGGILNRFSKDIAILDDLLPLTIFDFIQLLLIVIGAIAVVAVLQPYIFVATVPVIVAFIMLRAYFLQTSQQLKQLESEGRSPIFTHLVTSLKGLWTLRAFGRQPYFETLFHKALNLHTANWFLYLSTLRWFQMRIEMIFVIFFIAVTFISILTTGEGEGRVGIILTLAMNIMSTLQWAVNSSIDVDSLMRSVSRVFKFIDMPTEGKPTKSTKPYKNGQLSKVMIIENSHVKKDDIWPSGGQMTVKDLTAKYTEGGNAILENISFSISPGQRVGLLGRTGSGKSTLLSAFLRLLNTEGEIQIDGVSWDSITLQQWRKAFGVIPQKVFIFSGTFRKNLDPYEQWSDQEIWKVADEVGLRSVIEQFPGKLDFVLVDGGCVLSHGHKQLMCLARSVLSKAKILLLDEPSAHLDPVTYQIIRRTLKQAFADCTVILCEHRIEAMLECQQFLVIEENKVRQYDSIQKLLNERSLFRQAISPSDRVKLFPHRNSSKCKSKPQIAALK|MQRSPLEKASVVSKLFFSWTRPILRKGYRQRLELSDIYQIPSVDSADNLSEKLEREWDRELASKKNPKLINALRRCFFWRFMFYGIFLYLGEVTKAVQPLLLGRIIASYDPDNKEERSIAIYLGIGLCLLFIVRTLLLHPAIFGLHHIGMQMRIAMFSLIYKKGLALAHFVWIAPLQVALLMGLIWELLQASAFCGLGFLIVLALFQAGLGRMMMKYRDQRAGKISERLVITSEMIENIQSVKAYCWEEAMEKMIENLRQTELKLTRKAAYVRYFNSSAFFFSGFFVVFLSVLPYALIKGIILRKIFTTISFCIVLRMAVTRQFPWAVQTWYDSLGAINKIQDFLQKQEYKTLEYNLTTTEVVMENVTAFWEEGFGELFEKAKQNNNNRKTSNGDDSLFFSNFSLLGTPVLKDINFKIERGQLLAVAGSTGAGKTSLLMVIMGELEPSEGKIKHSGRISFCSQFSWIMPGTIKENIIFGVSYDEYRYRSVIKACQLEEDISKFAEKDNIVLGEGGITLSGGQRARISLARAVYKDADLYLLDSPFGYLDVLTEKEIFESCVCKLMANKTRILVTSKMEHLKKADKILILHEGSSYFYGTFSELQNLQPDFSSKLMGCDSFDQFSAERRNSILTETLHRFSLEGDAPVSWTETKKQSFKQTGEFGEKRKNSILNPINSIRKFSIVQKTPLQMNGIEEDSDEPLERRLSLVPDSEQGEAILPRISVISTGPTLQARRRQSVLNLMTHSVNQGQNIHRKTTASTRKVSLAPQANLTELDIYSRRLSQETGLEISEEINEEDLKECFFDDMESIPAVTTWNTYLRYITVHKSLIFVQIWCLVIFLAEVAASLVVLWLLGNTPLQDKGNSTHSRNNSYAVIITSTSSYYVFYIYVGVADTLLAMGFFRGLPLVHTLITVSKILHHKMLHSVLQAPMSTLNTLKAGGILNRFSKDIAILDDLLPLTIFDFIQLLLIVIGAIAVVAVLQPYIFVATVPVIVAFIMLRAYFLQTSQQLKQLESEGRSPIFTHLVTSLKGLWTLRAFGRQPYFETLFHKALNLHTANWFLYLSTLRWFQMRIEMIFVIFFIAVTFISILTTGEGEGRVGIILTLAMNIMSTLQWAVNSSIDVDSLMRSVSRVFKFIDMPTEGKPTKSTKPYKNGQLSKVMIIENSHVKKDDIWPSGGQMTVKDLTAKYTEGGNAILENISFSISPGQRVGLLGRTGSGKSTLLSAFLRLLNTEGEIQIDGVSWDSITLQQWRKAFGVIPQKVFIFSGTFRKNLDPYEQWSDQEIWKVADEVGLRSVIEQFPGKLDFVLVDGGCVLSHGHKQLMCLARSVLSKAKILLLDEPSAHLDPVTYQIIRRTLKQAFADCTVILCEHRIEAMLECQQFLVIEENKVRQYDSIQKLLNERSLFRQAISPSDRVKLFPHRNSSKCKSKPQIAALK
chr7:117595027:T/A:1	chr7	117595027	T|A	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000647720	coding	238	239	80	L>Q	nonsyn	None	XRKTTASTRKVSLAPQANLTELDIYSRRLSQETGLEISEEINEEDLKECFFDDMESIPAVTTWNTYLRYITVHKSLIFVLIWCLVIFLAEVAASLVVLWLLGNTPLQDKGNSTHSRNNSYAVIITSTSSYYVFYIYVGVADTLLAMGFFRGLPLVHTLITVSKILHHKMLHSVLQAPMSTLNTLKAGGILNRFSKDIAILDDLLPLTIFDFIQLLLIVIGAIAVVAVLQPYIFVATVPVIVAFIMLRAYFLQTSQQLKQLESEGRSPIFTHLVTSLKGLWTLRAFGRQPYFETLFHKALNLHTANWFLYLSTLRWFQMRIEMIFVIFFIAVTFISILTTGEGEGRVGIILTLAMNIMSTLQWAVNSSIDVDSLMRSVSRVFKFIDMPTEGGPLGKNWIREEYFVISFFETTEH*|XRKTTASTRKVSLAPQANLTELDIYSRRLSQETGLEISEEINEEDLKECFFDDMESIPAVTTWNTYLRYITVHKSLIFVQIWCLVIFLAEVAASLVVLWLLGNTPLQDKGNSTHSRNNSYAVIITSTSSYYVFYIYVGVADTLLAMGFFRGLPLVHTLITVSKILHHKMLHSVLQAPMSTLNTLKAGGILNRFSKDIAILDDLLPLTIFDFIQLLLIVIGAIAVVAVLQPYIFVATVPVIVAFIMLRAYFLQTSQQLKQLESEGRSPIFTHLVTSLKGLWTLRAFGRQPYFETLFHKALNLHTANWFLYLSTLRWFQMRIEMIFVIFFIAVTFISILTTGEGEGRVGIILTLAMNIMSTLQWAVNSSIDVDSLMRSVSRVFKFIDMPTEGGPLGKNWIREEYFVISFFETTEH*
chr7:117595027:T/A:1	chr7	117595027	T|A	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000649406	coding	2489	2405	802	L>Q	nonsyn	None	MQRSPLEKASVVSKLFFSWTRPILRKGYRQRLELSDIYQIPSVDSADNLSEKLEREWDRELASKKNPKLINALRRCFFWRFMFYGIFLYLGEVTKAVQPLLLGRIIASYDPDNKEERSIAIYLGIGLCLLFIVRTLLLHPAIFGLHHIGMQMRIAMFSLIYKKTLKLSSRVLDKISIGQLVSLLSNNLNKFDEGLALAHFVWIAPLQVALLMGLIWELLQASAFCGLGFLIVLALFQAGLGRMMMKYRDQRAGKISERLVITSEMIENIQSVKAYCWEEAMEKMIENLRQTELKLTRKAAYVRYFNSSAFFFSGFFVVFLSVLPYALIKGIILRKIFTTISFCIVLRMAVTRQFPWAVQTWYDSLGAINKIQDFLQKQEYKTLEYNLTTTEVVMENVTAFWEETSLLMVIMGELEPSEGKIKHSGRISFCSQFSWIMPGTIKENIIFGVSYDEYRYRSVIKACQLEEDISKFAEKDNIVLGEGGITLSGGQRARISLARAVYKDADLYLLDSPFGYLDVLTEKEIFESCVCKLMANKTRILVTSKMEHLKKADKILILHEGSSYFYGTFSELQNLQPDFSSKLMGCDSFDQFSAERRNSILTETLHRFSLEGDAPVSWTETKKQSFKQTGEFGEKRKNSILNPINSIRKFSIVQKTPLQMNGIEEDSDEPLERRLSLVPDSEQGEAILPRISVISTGPTLQARRRQSVLNLMTHSVNQGQNIHRKTTASTRKVSLAPQANLTELDIYSRRLSQETGLEISEEINEEDLKECFFDDMESIPAVTTWNTYLRYITVHKSLIFVLIWCLVIFLAEVAASLVVLWLLGNTPLQDKGNSTHSRNNSYAVIITSTSSYYVFYIYVGVADTLLAMGFFRGLPLVHTLITVSKILHHKMLHSVLQAPMSTLNTLKAGGILNRFSKDIAILDDLLPLTIFDFIQLLLIVIGAIAVVAVLQPYIFVATVPVIVAFIMLRAYFLQTSQQLKQLESEGRSPIFTHLVTSLKGLWTLRAFGRQPYFETLFHKALNLHTANWFLYLSTLRWFQMRIEMIFVIFFIAVTFISILTTGEGEGRVGIILTLAMNIMSTLQWAVNSSIDVDSLMRSVSRVFKFIDMPTEGKPTKSTKPYKNGQLSKVMIIENSHVKKDDIWPSGGQMTVKDLTAKYTEGGNAILENISFSISPGQRVRFEHCLLC*|MQRSPLEKASVVSKLFFSWTRPILRKGYRQRLELSDIYQIPSVDSADNLSEKLEREWDRELASKKNPKLINALRRCFFWRFMFYGIFLYLGEVTKAVQPLLLGRIIASYDPDNKEERSIAIYLGIGLCLLFIVRTLLLHPAIFGLHHIGMQMRIAMFSLIYKKTLKLSSRVLDKISIGQLVSLLSNNLNKFDEGLALAHFVWIAPLQVALLMGLIWELLQASAFCGLGFLIVLALFQAGLGRMMMKYRDQRAGKISERLVITSEMIENIQSVKAYCWEEAMEKMIENLRQTELKLTRKAAYVRYFNSSAFFFSGFFVVFLSVLPYALIKGIILRKIFTTISFCIVLRMAVTRQFPWAVQTWYDSLGAINKIQDFLQKQEYKTLEYNLTTTEVVMENVTAFWEETSLLMVIMGELEPSEGKIKHSGRISFCSQFSWIMPGTIKENIIFGVSYDEYRYRSVIKACQLEEDISKFAEKDNIVLGEGGITLSGGQRARISLARAVYKDADLYLLDSPFGYLDVLTEKEIFESCVCKLMANKTRILVTSKMEHLKKADKILILHEGSSYFYGTFSELQNLQPDFSSKLMGCDSFDQFSAERRNSILTETLHRFSLEGDAPVSWTETKKQSFKQTGEFGEKRKNSILNPINSIRKFSIVQKTPLQMNGIEEDSDEPLERRLSLVPDSEQGEAILPRISVISTGPTLQARRRQSVLNLMTHSVNQGQNIHRKTTASTRKVSLAPQANLTELDIYSRRLSQETGLEISEEINEEDLKECFFDDMESIPAVTTWNTYLRYITVHKSLIFVQIWCLVIFLAEVAASLVVLWLLGNTPLQDKGNSTHSRNNSYAVIITSTSSYYVFYIYVGVADTLLAMGFFRGLPLVHTLITVSKILHHKMLHSVLQAPMSTLNTLKAGGILNRFSKDIAILDDLLPLTIFDFIQLLLIVIGAIAVVAVLQPYIFVATVPVIVAFIMLRAYFLQTSQQLKQLESEGRSPIFTHLVTSLKGLWTLRAFGRQPYFETLFHKALNLHTANWFLYLSTLRWFQMRIEMIFVIFFIAVTFISILTTGEGEGRVGIILTLAMNIMSTLQWAVNSSIDVDSLMRSVSRVFKFIDMPTEGKPTKSTKPYKNGQLSKVMIIENSHVKKDDIWPSGGQMTVKDLTAKYTEGGNAILENISFSISPGQRVRFEHCLLC*
chr7:117595027:T/A:1	chr7	117595027	T|A	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000649781	coding	2405	2405	802	L>Q	nonsyn	None	MQRSPLEKASVVSKLFFSWTRPILRKGYRQRLELSDIYQIPSVDSADNLSEKLEREWDRELASKKNPKLINALRRCFFWRFMFYGIFLYLGEVTKAVQPLLLGRIIASYDPDNKEERSIAIYLGIGLCLLFIVRTLLLHPAIFGLHHIGMQMRIAMFSLIYKKTLKLSSRVLDKISIGQLVSLLSNNLNKFDEGLALAHFVWIAPLQVALLMGLIWELLQASAFCGLGFLIVLALFQAGLGRMMMKYRDQRAGKISERLVITSEMIENIQSVKAYCWEEAMEKMIENLRQTELKLTRKAAYVRYFNSSAFFFSGFFVVFLSVLPYALIKGIILRKIFTTISFCIVLRMAVTRQFPWAVQTWYDSLGAINKIQDFLQKQEYKTLEYNLTTTEVVMENVTAFWEETSLLMVIMGELEPSEGKIKHSGRISFCSQFSWIMPGTIKENIIFGVSYDEYRYRSVIKACQLEEDISKFAEKDNIVLGEGGITLSGGQRARISLARAVYKDADLYLLDSPFGYLDVLTEKEIFESCVCKLMANKTRILVTSKMEHLKKADKILILHEGSSYFYGTFSELQNLQPDFSSKLMGCDSFDQFSAERRNSILTETLHRFSLEGDAPVSWTETKKQSFKQTGEFGEKRKNSILNPINSIRKFSIVQKTPLQMNGIEEDSDEPLERRLSLVPDSEQGEAILPRISVISTGPTLQARRRQSVLNLMTHSVNQGQNIHRKTTASTRKVSLAPQANLTELDIYSRRLSQETGLEISEEINEEDLKECFFDDMESIPAVTTWNTYLRYITVHKSLIFVLIWCLVIFLAEVAASLVVLWLLGNTPLQDKGNSTHSRNNSYAVIITSTSSYYVFYIYVGVADTLLAMGFFRGLPLVHTLITVSKILHHKMLHSVLQAPMSTLNTLKAGGILNRFSKDIAILDDLLPLTIFDFIQLLLIVIGAIAVVAVLQPYIFVATVPVIVAFIMLRAYFLQTSQQLKQLESEGRSPIFTHLVTSLKGLWTLRAFGRQPYFETLFHKALNLHTANWFLYLSTLRWFQMRIEMIFVIFFIAVTFISILTTGEGEGRVGIILTLAMNIMSTLQWAVNSSIDVDSLMRSVSRVFKFIDMPTEGKPTKSTKPYKNGQLSKVMIIENSHVKKDDIWPSGGQMTVKDLTAKYTEGGNAILENISFSISPGQRVGLLGRTGSGKSTLLSAFLRLLNTEGEIQIDGVSWDSITLQQWRKAFGVIPQKVFIFSGTFRKNLDPYEQWSDQEIWKVADEVGLRSVIEQFPGKLDFVLVDGGCVLSHGHKQLMCLARSVLSKAKILLLDEPSAHLDPVTYQIIRRTLKQAFADCTVILCEHRIEAMLECQQFLVIEENKVRQYDSIQKLLNERSLFRQAISPSDRVKLFPHRNSSKCKSKPQIAALKEETEEEVQDTRL*|MQRSPLEKASVVSKLFFSWTRPILRKGYRQRLELSDIYQIPSVDSADNLSEKLEREWDRELASKKNPKLINALRRCFFWRFMFYGIFLYLGEVTKAVQPLLLGRIIASYDPDNKEERSIAIYLGIGLCLLFIVRTLLLHPAIFGLHHIGMQMRIAMFSLIYKKTLKLSSRVLDKISIGQLVSLLSNNLNKFDEGLALAHFVWIAPLQVALLMGLIWELLQASAFCGLGFLIVLALFQAGLGRMMMKYRDQRAGKISERLVITSEMIENIQSVKAYCWEEAMEKMIENLRQTELKLTRKAAYVRYFNSSAFFFSGFFVVFLSVLPYALIKGIILRKIFTTISFCIVLRMAVTRQFPWAVQTWYDSLGAINKIQDFLQKQEYKTLEYNLTTTEVVMENVTAFWEETSLLMVIMGELEPSEGKIKHSGRISFCSQFSWIMPGTIKENIIFGVSYDEYRYRSVIKACQLEEDISKFAEKDNIVLGEGGITLSGGQRARISLARAVYKDADLYLLDSPFGYLDVLTEKEIFESCVCKLMANKTRILVTSKMEHLKKADKILILHEGSSYFYGTFSELQNLQPDFSSKLMGCDSFDQFSAERRNSILTETLHRFSLEGDAPVSWTETKKQSFKQTGEFGEKRKNSILNPINSIRKFSIVQKTPLQMNGIEEDSDEPLERRLSLVPDSEQGEAILPRISVISTGPTLQARRRQSVLNLMTHSVNQGQNIHRKTTASTRKVSLAPQANLTELDIYSRRLSQETGLEISEEINEEDLKECFFDDMESIPAVTTWNTYLRYITVHKSLIFVQIWCLVIFLAEVAASLVVLWLLGNTPLQDKGNSTHSRNNSYAVIITSTSSYYVFYIYVGVADTLLAMGFFRGLPLVHTLITVSKILHHKMLHSVLQAPMSTLNTLKAGGILNRFSKDIAILDDLLPLTIFDFIQLLLIVIGAIAVVAVLQPYIFVATVPVIVAFIMLRAYFLQTSQQLKQLESEGRSPIFTHLVTSLKGLWTLRAFGRQPYFETLFHKALNLHTANWFLYLSTLRWFQMRIEMIFVIFFIAVTFISILTTGEGEGRVGIILTLAMNIMSTLQWAVNSSIDVDSLMRSVSRVFKFIDMPTEGKPTKSTKPYKNGQLSKVMIIENSHVKKDDIWPSGGQMTVKDLTAKYTEGGNAILENISFSISPGQRVGLLGRTGSGKSTLLSAFLRLLNTEGEIQIDGVSWDSITLQQWRKAFGVIPQKVFIFSGTFRKNLDPYEQWSDQEIWKVADEVGLRSVIEQFPGKLDFVLVDGGCVLSHGHKQLMCLARSVLSKAKILLLDEPSAHLDPVTYQIIRRTLKQAFADCTVILCEHRIEAMLECQQFLVIEENKVRQYDSIQKLLNERSLFRQAISPSDRVKLFPHRNSSKCKSKPQIAALKEETEEEVQDTRL*
chr7:117595027:T/A:1	chr7	117595027	T|A	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000647978	3downstream	None	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr7:117595028:A/AC:1	chr7	117595029	-|C	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000648260	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	7797	None
chr7:117595028:A/AC:1	chr7	117595029	-|C	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000003084	coding	2722	2590	864	I>H	frameshift:stop-gain	None	MQRSPLEKASVVSKLFFSWTRPILRKGYRQRLELSDIYQIPSVDSADNLSEKLEREWDRELASKKNPKLINALRRCFFWRFMFYGIFLYLGEVTKAVQPLLLGRIIASYDPDNKEERSIAIYLGIGLCLLFIVRTLLLHPAIFGLHHIGMQMRIAMFSLIYKKTLKLSSRVLDKISIGQLVSLLSNNLNKFDEGLALAHFVWIAPLQVALLMGLIWELLQASAFCGLGFLIVLALFQAGLGRMMMKYRDQRAGKISERLVITSEMIENIQSVKAYCWEEAMEKMIENLRQTELKLTRKAAYVRYFNSSAFFFSGFFVVFLSVLPYALIKGIILRKIFTTISFCIVLRMAVTRQFPWAVQTWYDSLGAINKIQDFLQKQEYKTLEYNLTTTEVVMENVTAFWEEGFGELFEKAKQNNNNRKTSNGDDSLFFSNFSLLGTPVLKDINFKIERGQLLAVAGSTGAGKTSLLMVIMGELEPSEGKIKHSGRISFCSQFSWIMPGTIKENIIFGVSYDEYRYRSVIKACQLEEDISKFAEKDNIVLGEGGITLSGGQRARISLARAVYKDADLYLLDSPFGYLDVLTEKEIFESCVCKLMANKTRILVTSKMEHLKKADKILILHEGSSYFYGTFSELQNLQPDFSSKLMGCDSFDQFSAERRNSILTETLHRFSLEGDAPVSWTETKKQSFKQTGEFGEKRKNSILNPINSIRKFSIVQKTPLQMNGIEEDSDEPLERRLSLVPDSEQGEAILPRISVISTGPTLQARRRQSVLNLMTHSVNQGQNIHRKTTASTRKVSLAPQANLTELDIYSRRLSQETGLEISEEINEEDLKECFFDDMESIPAVTTWNTYLRYITVHKSLIFVLIWCLVIFLAEVAASLVVLWLLGNTPLQDKGNSTHSRNNSYAVIITSTSSYYVFYIYVGVADTLLAMGFFRGLPLVHTLITVSKILHHKMLHSVLQAPMSTLNTLKAGGILNRFSKDIAILDDLLPLTIFDFIQLLLIVIGAIAVVAVLQPYIFVATVPVIVAFIMLRAYFLQTSQQLKQLESEGRSPIFTHLVTSLKGLWTLRAFGRQPYFETLFHKALNLHTANWFLYLSTLRWFQMRIEMIFVIFFIAVTFISILTTGEGEGRVGIILTLAMNIMSTLQWAVNSSIDVDSLMRSVSRVFKFIDMPTEGKPTKSTKPYKNGQLSKVMIIENSHVKKDDIWPSGGQMTVKDLTAKYTEGGNAILENISFSISPGQRVGLLGRTGSGKSTLLSAFLRLLNTEGEIQIDGVSWDSITLQQWRKAFGVIPQKVFIFSGTFRKNLDPYEQWSDQEIWKVADEVGLRSVIEQFPGKLDFVLVDGGCVLSHGHKQLMCLARSVLSKAKILLLDEPSAHLDPVTYQIIRRTLKQAFADCTVILCEHRIEAMLECQQFLVIEENKVRQYDSIQKLLNERSLFRQAISPSDRVKLFPHRNSSKCKSKPQIAALKEETEEEVQDTRL*|MQRSPLEKASVVSKLFFSWTRPILRKGYRQRLELSDIYQIPSVDSADNLSEKLEREWDRELASKKNPKLINALRRCFFWRFMFYGIFLYLGEVTKAVQPLLLGRIIASYDPDNKEERSIAIYLGIGLCLLFIVRTLLLHPAIFGLHHIGMQMRIAMFSLIYKKTLKLSSRVLDKISIGQLVSLLSNNLNKFDEGLALAHFVWIAPLQVALLMGLIWELLQASAFCGLGFLIVLALFQAGLGRMMMKYRDQRAGKISERLVITSEMIENIQSVKAYCWEEAMEKMIENLRQTELKLTRKAAYVRYFNSSAFFFSGFFVVFLSVLPYALIKGIILRKIFTTISFCIVLRMAVTRQFPWAVQTWYDSLGAINKIQDFLQKQEYKTLEYNLTTTEVVMENVTAFWEEGFGELFEKAKQNNNNRKTSNGDDSLFFSNFSLLGTPVLKDINFKIERGQLLAVAGSTGAGKTSLLMVIMGELEPSEGKIKHSGRISFCSQFSWIMPGTIKENIIFGVSYDEYRYRSVIKACQLEEDISKFAEKDNIVLGEGGITLSGGQRARISLARAVYKDADLYLLDSPFGYLDVLTEKEIFESCVCKLMANKTRILVTSKMEHLKKADKILILHEGSSYFYGTFSELQNLQPDFSSKLMGCDSFDQFSAERRNSILTETLHRFSLEGDAPVSWTETKKQSFKQTGEFGEKRKNSILNPINSIRKFSIVQKTPLQMNGIEEDSDEPLERRLSLVPDSEQGEAILPRISVISTGPTLQARRRQSVLNLMTHSVNQGQNIHRKTTASTRKVSLAPQANLTELDIYSRRLSQETGLEISEEINEEDLKECFFDDMESIPAVTTWNTYLRYITVHKSLIFVLHLVLSNFSGRGGCFFGCAVAPWKHSSSRQRE*
chr7:117595028:A/AC:1	chr7	117595029	-|C	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000426809	coding	2500	2500	834	I>H	*frameshift:stop-gain	None	MQRSPLEKASVVSKLFFSWTRPILRKGYRQRLELSDIYQIPSVDSADNLSEKLEREWDRELASKKNPKLINALRRCFFWRFMFYGIFLYLGEVTKAVQPLLLGRIIASYDPDNKEERSIAIYLGIGLCLLFIVRTLLLHPAIFGLHHIGMQMRIAMFSLIYKKGLALAHFVWIAPLQVALLMGLIWELLQASAFCGLGFLIVLALFQAGLGRMMMKYRDQRAGKISERLVITSEMIENIQSVKAYCWEEAMEKMIENLRQTELKLTRKAAYVRYFNSSAFFFSGFFVVFLSVLPYALIKGIILRKIFTTISFCIVLRMAVTRQFPWAVQTWYDSLGAINKIQDFLQKQEYKTLEYNLTTTEVVMENVTAFWEEGFGELFEKAKQNNNNRKTSNGDDSLFFSNFSLLGTPVLKDINFKIERGQLLAVAGSTGAGKTSLLMVIMGELEPSEGKIKHSGRISFCSQFSWIMPGTIKENIIFGVSYDEYRYRSVIKACQLEEDISKFAEKDNIVLGEGGITLSGGQRARISLARAVYKDADLYLLDSPFGYLDVLTEKEIFESCVCKLMANKTRILVTSKMEHLKKADKILILHEGSSYFYGTFSELQNLQPDFSSKLMGCDSFDQFSAERRNSILTETLHRFSLEGDAPVSWTETKKQSFKQTGEFGEKRKNSILNPINSIRKFSIVQKTPLQMNGIEEDSDEPLERRLSLVPDSEQGEAILPRISVISTGPTLQARRRQSVLNLMTHSVNQGQNIHRKTTASTRKVSLAPQANLTELDIYSRRLSQETGLEISEEINEEDLKECFFDDMESIPAVTTWNTYLRYITVHKSLIFVLIWCLVIFLAEVAASLVVLWLLGNTPLQDKGNSTHSRNNSYAVIITSTSSYYVFYIYVGVADTLLAMGFFRGLPLVHTLITVSKILHHKMLHSVLQAPMSTLNTLKAGGILNRFSKDIAILDDLLPLTIFDFIQLLLIVIGAIAVVAVLQPYIFVATVPVIVAFIMLRAYFLQTSQQLKQLESEGRSPIFTHLVTSLKGLWTLRAFGRQPYFETLFHKALNLHTANWFLYLSTLRWFQMRIEMIFVIFFIAVTFISILTTGEGEGRVGIILTLAMNIMSTLQWAVNSSIDVDSLMRSVSRVFKFIDMPTEGKPTKSTKPYKNGQLSKVMIIENSHVKKDDIWPSGGQMTVKDLTAKYTEGGNAILENISFSISPGQRVGLLGRTGSGKSTLLSAFLRLLNTEGEIQIDGVSWDSITLQQWRKAFGVIPQKVFIFSGTFRKNLDPYEQWSDQEIWKVADEVGLRSVIEQFPGKLDFVLVDGGCVLSHGHKQLMCLARSVLSKAKILLLDEPSAHLDPVTYQIIRRTLKQAFADCTVILCEHRIEAMLECQQFLVIEENKVRQYDSIQKLLNERSLFRQAISPSDRVKLFPHRNSSKCKSKPQIAALK|MQRSPLEKASVVSKLFFSWTRPILRKGYRQRLELSDIYQIPSVDSADNLSEKLEREWDRELASKKNPKLINALRRCFFWRFMFYGIFLYLGEVTKAVQPLLLGRIIASYDPDNKEERSIAIYLGIGLCLLFIVRTLLLHPAIFGLHHIGMQMRIAMFSLIYKKGLALAHFVWIAPLQVALLMGLIWELLQASAFCGLGFLIVLALFQAGLGRMMMKYRDQRAGKISERLVITSEMIENIQSVKAYCWEEAMEKMIENLRQTELKLTRKAAYVRYFNSSAFFFSGFFVVFLSVLPYALIKGIILRKIFTTISFCIVLRMAVTRQFPWAVQTWYDSLGAINKIQDFLQKQEYKTLEYNLTTTEVVMENVTAFWEEGFGELFEKAKQNNNNRKTSNGDDSLFFSNFSLLGTPVLKDINFKIERGQLLAVAGSTGAGKTSLLMVIMGELEPSEGKIKHSGRISFCSQFSWIMPGTIKENIIFGVSYDEYRYRSVIKACQLEEDISKFAEKDNIVLGEGGITLSGGQRARISLARAVYKDADLYLLDSPFGYLDVLTEKEIFESCVCKLMANKTRILVTSKMEHLKKADKILILHEGSSYFYGTFSELQNLQPDFSSKLMGCDSFDQFSAERRNSILTETLHRFSLEGDAPVSWTETKKQSFKQTGEFGEKRKNSILNPINSIRKFSIVQKTPLQMNGIEEDSDEPLERRLSLVPDSEQGEAILPRISVISTGPTLQARRRQSVLNLMTHSVNQGQNIHRKTTASTRKVSLAPQANLTELDIYSRRLSQETGLEISEEINEEDLKECFFDDMESIPAVTTWNTYLRYITVHKSLIFVLHLVLSNFSGRGGCFFGCAVAPWKHSSSRQRE*
chr7:117595028:A/AC:1	chr7	117595029	-|C	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000647720	coding	240	241	81	I>H	frameshift:stop-gain	None	XRKTTASTRKVSLAPQANLTELDIYSRRLSQETGLEISEEINEEDLKECFFDDMESIPAVTTWNTYLRYITVHKSLIFVLIWCLVIFLAEVAASLVVLWLLGNTPLQDKGNSTHSRNNSYAVIITSTSSYYVFYIYVGVADTLLAMGFFRGLPLVHTLITVSKILHHKMLHSVLQAPMSTLNTLKAGGILNRFSKDIAILDDLLPLTIFDFIQLLLIVIGAIAVVAVLQPYIFVATVPVIVAFIMLRAYFLQTSQQLKQLESEGRSPIFTHLVTSLKGLWTLRAFGRQPYFETLFHKALNLHTANWFLYLSTLRWFQMRIEMIFVIFFIAVTFISILTTGEGEGRVGIILTLAMNIMSTLQWAVNSSIDVDSLMRSVSRVFKFIDMPTEGGPLGKNWIREEYFVISFFETTEH*|XRKTTASTRKVSLAPQANLTELDIYSRRLSQETGLEISEEINEEDLKECFFDDMESIPAVTTWNTYLRYITVHKSLIFVLHLVLSNFSGRGGCFFGCAVAPWKHSSSRQRE*
chr7:117595028:A/AC:1	chr7	117595029	-|C	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000649406	coding	2491	2407	803	I>H	frameshift:stop-gain	None	MQRSPLEKASVVSKLFFSWTRPILRKGYRQRLELSDIYQIPSVDSADNLSEKLEREWDRELASKKNPKLINALRRCFFWRFMFYGIFLYLGEVTKAVQPLLLGRIIASYDPDNKEERSIAIYLGIGLCLLFIVRTLLLHPAIFGLHHIGMQMRIAMFSLIYKKTLKLSSRVLDKISIGQLVSLLSNNLNKFDEGLALAHFVWIAPLQVALLMGLIWELLQASAFCGLGFLIVLALFQAGLGRMMMKYRDQRAGKISERLVITSEMIENIQSVKAYCWEEAMEKMIENLRQTELKLTRKAAYVRYFNSSAFFFSGFFVVFLSVLPYALIKGIILRKIFTTISFCIVLRMAVTRQFPWAVQTWYDSLGAINKIQDFLQKQEYKTLEYNLTTTEVVMENVTAFWEETSLLMVIMGELEPSEGKIKHSGRISFCSQFSWIMPGTIKENIIFGVSYDEYRYRSVIKACQLEEDISKFAEKDNIVLGEGGITLSGGQRARISLARAVYKDADLYLLDSPFGYLDVLTEKEIFESCVCKLMANKTRILVTSKMEHLKKADKILILHEGSSYFYGTFSELQNLQPDFSSKLMGCDSFDQFSAERRNSILTETLHRFSLEGDAPVSWTETKKQSFKQTGEFGEKRKNSILNPINSIRKFSIVQKTPLQMNGIEEDSDEPLERRLSLVPDSEQGEAILPRISVISTGPTLQARRRQSVLNLMTHSVNQGQNIHRKTTASTRKVSLAPQANLTELDIYSRRLSQETGLEISEEINEEDLKECFFDDMESIPAVTTWNTYLRYITVHKSLIFVLIWCLVIFLAEVAASLVVLWLLGNTPLQDKGNSTHSRNNSYAVIITSTSSYYVFYIYVGVADTLLAMGFFRGLPLVHTLITVSKILHHKMLHSVLQAPMSTLNTLKAGGILNRFSKDIAILDDLLPLTIFDFIQLLLIVIGAIAVVAVLQPYIFVATVPVIVAFIMLRAYFLQTSQQLKQLESEGRSPIFTHLVTSLKGLWTLRAFGRQPYFETLFHKALNLHTANWFLYLSTLRWFQMRIEMIFVIFFIAVTFISILTTGEGEGRVGIILTLAMNIMSTLQWAVNSSIDVDSLMRSVSRVFKFIDMPTEGKPTKSTKPYKNGQLSKVMIIENSHVKKDDIWPSGGQMTVKDLTAKYTEGGNAILENISFSISPGQRVRFEHCLLC*|MQRSPLEKASVVSKLFFSWTRPILRKGYRQRLELSDIYQIPSVDSADNLSEKLEREWDRELASKKNPKLINALRRCFFWRFMFYGIFLYLGEVTKAVQPLLLGRIIASYDPDNKEERSIAIYLGIGLCLLFIVRTLLLHPAIFGLHHIGMQMRIAMFSLIYKKTLKLSSRVLDKISIGQLVSLLSNNLNKFDEGLALAHFVWIAPLQVALLMGLIWELLQASAFCGLGFLIVLALFQAGLGRMMMKYRDQRAGKISERLVITSEMIENIQSVKAYCWEEAMEKMIENLRQTELKLTRKAAYVRYFNSSAFFFSGFFVVFLSVLPYALIKGIILRKIFTTISFCIVLRMAVTRQFPWAVQTWYDSLGAINKIQDFLQKQEYKTLEYNLTTTEVVMENVTAFWEETSLLMVIMGELEPSEGKIKHSGRISFCSQFSWIMPGTIKENIIFGVSYDEYRYRSVIKACQLEEDISKFAEKDNIVLGEGGITLSGGQRARISLARAVYKDADLYLLDSPFGYLDVLTEKEIFESCVCKLMANKTRILVTSKMEHLKKADKILILHEGSSYFYGTFSELQNLQPDFSSKLMGCDSFDQFSAERRNSILTETLHRFSLEGDAPVSWTETKKQSFKQTGEFGEKRKNSILNPINSIRKFSIVQKTPLQMNGIEEDSDEPLERRLSLVPDSEQGEAILPRISVISTGPTLQARRRQSVLNLMTHSVNQGQNIHRKTTASTRKVSLAPQANLTELDIYSRRLSQETGLEISEEINEEDLKECFFDDMESIPAVTTWNTYLRYITVHKSLIFVLHLVLSNFSGRGGCFFGCAVAPWKHSSSRQRE*
chr7:117595028:A/AC:1	chr7	117595029	-|C	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000649781	coding	2407	2407	803	I>H	frameshift:stop-gain	None	MQRSPLEKASVVSKLFFSWTRPILRKGYRQRLELSDIYQIPSVDSADNLSEKLEREWDRELASKKNPKLINALRRCFFWRFMFYGIFLYLGEVTKAVQPLLLGRIIASYDPDNKEERSIAIYLGIGLCLLFIVRTLLLHPAIFGLHHIGMQMRIAMFSLIYKKTLKLSSRVLDKISIGQLVSLLSNNLNKFDEGLALAHFVWIAPLQVALLMGLIWELLQASAFCGLGFLIVLALFQAGLGRMMMKYRDQRAGKISERLVITSEMIENIQSVKAYCWEEAMEKMIENLRQTELKLTRKAAYVRYFNSSAFFFSGFFVVFLSVLPYALIKGIILRKIFTTISFCIVLRMAVTRQFPWAVQTWYDSLGAINKIQDFLQKQEYKTLEYNLTTTEVVMENVTAFWEETSLLMVIMGELEPSEGKIKHSGRISFCSQFSWIMPGTIKENIIFGVSYDEYRYRSVIKACQLEEDISKFAEKDNIVLGEGGITLSGGQRARISLARAVYKDADLYLLDSPFGYLDVLTEKEIFESCVCKLMANKTRILVTSKMEHLKKADKILILHEGSSYFYGTFSELQNLQPDFSSKLMGCDSFDQFSAERRNSILTETLHRFSLEGDAPVSWTETKKQSFKQTGEFGEKRKNSILNPINSIRKFSIVQKTPLQMNGIEEDSDEPLERRLSLVPDSEQGEAILPRISVISTGPTLQARRRQSVLNLMTHSVNQGQNIHRKTTASTRKVSLAPQANLTELDIYSRRLSQETGLEISEEINEEDLKECFFDDMESIPAVTTWNTYLRYITVHKSLIFVLIWCLVIFLAEVAASLVVLWLLGNTPLQDKGNSTHSRNNSYAVIITSTSSYYVFYIYVGVADTLLAMGFFRGLPLVHTLITVSKILHHKMLHSVLQAPMSTLNTLKAGGILNRFSKDIAILDDLLPLTIFDFIQLLLIVIGAIAVVAVLQPYIFVATVPVIVAFIMLRAYFLQTSQQLKQLESEGRSPIFTHLVTSLKGLWTLRAFGRQPYFETLFHKALNLHTANWFLYLSTLRWFQMRIEMIFVIFFIAVTFISILTTGEGEGRVGIILTLAMNIMSTLQWAVNSSIDVDSLMRSVSRVFKFIDMPTEGKPTKSTKPYKNGQLSKVMIIENSHVKKDDIWPSGGQMTVKDLTAKYTEGGNAILENISFSISPGQRVGLLGRTGSGKSTLLSAFLRLLNTEGEIQIDGVSWDSITLQQWRKAFGVIPQKVFIFSGTFRKNLDPYEQWSDQEIWKVADEVGLRSVIEQFPGKLDFVLVDGGCVLSHGHKQLMCLARSVLSKAKILLLDEPSAHLDPVTYQIIRRTLKQAFADCTVILCEHRIEAMLECQQFLVIEENKVRQYDSIQKLLNERSLFRQAISPSDRVKLFPHRNSSKCKSKPQIAALKEETEEEVQDTRL*|MQRSPLEKASVVSKLFFSWTRPILRKGYRQRLELSDIYQIPSVDSADNLSEKLEREWDRELASKKNPKLINALRRCFFWRFMFYGIFLYLGEVTKAVQPLLLGRIIASYDPDNKEERSIAIYLGIGLCLLFIVRTLLLHPAIFGLHHIGMQMRIAMFSLIYKKTLKLSSRVLDKISIGQLVSLLSNNLNKFDEGLALAHFVWIAPLQVALLMGLIWELLQASAFCGLGFLIVLALFQAGLGRMMMKYRDQRAGKISERLVITSEMIENIQSVKAYCWEEAMEKMIENLRQTELKLTRKAAYVRYFNSSAFFFSGFFVVFLSVLPYALIKGIILRKIFTTISFCIVLRMAVTRQFPWAVQTWYDSLGAINKIQDFLQKQEYKTLEYNLTTTEVVMENVTAFWEETSLLMVIMGELEPSEGKIKHSGRISFCSQFSWIMPGTIKENIIFGVSYDEYRYRSVIKACQLEEDISKFAEKDNIVLGEGGITLSGGQRARISLARAVYKDADLYLLDSPFGYLDVLTEKEIFESCVCKLMANKTRILVTSKMEHLKKADKILILHEGSSYFYGTFSELQNLQPDFSSKLMGCDSFDQFSAERRNSILTETLHRFSLEGDAPVSWTETKKQSFKQTGEFGEKRKNSILNPINSIRKFSIVQKTPLQMNGIEEDSDEPLERRLSLVPDSEQGEAILPRISVISTGPTLQARRRQSVLNLMTHSVNQGQNIHRKTTASTRKVSLAPQANLTELDIYSRRLSQETGLEISEEINEEDLKECFFDDMESIPAVTTWNTYLRYITVHKSLIFVLHLVLSNFSGRGGCFFGCAVAPWKHSSSRQRE*
chr7:117595028:A/AC:1	chr7	117595029	-|C	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000647978	3downstream	None	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr7:117595062:A/T:1	chr7	117595062	A|T	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000648260	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	7764	None
chr7:117595062:A/T:1	chr7	117595062	A|T	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000647978	3downstream	None	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr7:117595062:A/T:1	chr7	117595062	A|T	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000003084	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	4	None
chr7:117595062:A/T:1	chr7	117595062	A|T	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000426809	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	4	None
chr7:117595062:A/T:1	chr7	117595062	A|T	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000647720	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	4	None
chr7:117595062:A/T:1	chr7	117595062	A|T	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000649406	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	4	None
chr7:117595062:A/T:1	chr7	117595062	A|T	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000649781	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	4	None
chr7:117595077:A/T:1	chr7	117595077	A|T	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000648260	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	7749	None
chr7:117595077:A/T:1	chr7	117595077	A|T	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000647978	3downstream	None	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr7:117595077:A/T:1	chr7	117595077	A|T	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000003084	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	19	None
chr7:117595077:A/T:1	chr7	117595077	A|T	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000426809	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	19	None
chr7:117595077:A/T:1	chr7	117595077	A|T	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000647720	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	19	None
chr7:117595077:A/T:1	chr7	117595077	A|T	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000649406	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	19	None
chr7:117595077:A/T:1	chr7	117595077	A|T	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000649781	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	19	None
chr7:117595090:A/T:1	chr7	117595090	A|T	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000648260	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	7736	None
chr7:117595090:A/T:1	chr7	117595090	A|T	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000647978	3downstream	None	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr7:117595090:A/T:1	chr7	117595090	A|T	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000003084	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	32	None
chr7:117595090:A/T:1	chr7	117595090	A|T	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000426809	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	32	None
chr7:117595090:A/T:1	chr7	117595090	A|T	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000647720	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	32	None
chr7:117595090:A/T:1	chr7	117595090	A|T	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000649406	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	32	None
chr7:117595090:A/T:1	chr7	117595090	A|T	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000649781	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	32	None
chr7:117595101:A/T:1	chr7	117595101	A|T	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000648260	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	7725	None
chr7:117595101:A/T:1	chr7	117595101	A|T	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000647978	3downstream	None	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr7:117595101:A/T:1	chr7	117595101	A|T	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000003084	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	43	None
chr7:117595101:A/T:1	chr7	117595101	A|T	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000426809	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	43	None
chr7:117595101:A/T:1	chr7	117595101	A|T	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000647720	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	43	None
chr7:117595101:A/T:1	chr7	117595101	A|T	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000649406	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	43	None
chr7:117595101:A/T:1	chr7	117595101	A|T	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000649781	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	43	None
chr7:117602664:A/T:1	chr7	117602664	A|T	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000648260	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	162	None
chr7:117602664:A/T:1	chr7	117602664	A|T	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000003084	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	162	None
chr7:117602664:A/T:1	chr7	117602664	A|T	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000426809	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	162	None
chr7:117602664:A/T:1	chr7	117602664	A|T	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000647720	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	162	None
chr7:117602664:A/T:1	chr7	117602664	A|T	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000649406	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	162	None
chr7:117602664:A/T:1	chr7	117602664	A|T	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000649781	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	162	None
chr7:117602676:C/A:1	chr7	117602676	C|A	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000648260	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	150	None
chr7:117602676:C/A:1	chr7	117602676	C|A	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000003084	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	150	None
chr7:117602676:C/A:1	chr7	117602676	C|A	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000426809	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	150	None
chr7:117602676:C/A:1	chr7	117602676	C|A	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000647720	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	150	None
chr7:117602676:C/A:1	chr7	117602676	C|A	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000649406	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	150	None
chr7:117602676:C/A:1	chr7	117602676	C|A	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000649781	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	150	None
chr7:117602690:G/A:1	chr7	117602690	G|A	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000648260	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	136	None
chr7:117602690:G/A:1	chr7	117602690	G|A	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000003084	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	136	None
chr7:117602690:G/A:1	chr7	117602690	G|A	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000426809	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	136	None
chr7:117602690:G/A:1	chr7	117602690	G|A	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000647720	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	136	None
chr7:117602690:G/A:1	chr7	117602690	G|A	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000649406	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	136	None
chr7:117602690:G/A:1	chr7	117602690	G|A	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000649781	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	136	None
chr7:117602896:GT/G:1	chr7	117602897	T|-	1	AC000061.1	ENSG00000083622	ENST00000456270	3downstream	None	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr7:117602896:GT/G:1	chr7	117602897	T|-	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000003084	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	34	None
chr7:117602896:GT/G:1	chr7	117602897	T|-	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000426809	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	34	None
chr7:117602896:GT/G:1	chr7	117602897	T|-	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000647720	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	34	None
chr7:117602896:GT/G:1	chr7	117602897	T|-	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000648260	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	34	None
chr7:117602896:GT/G:1	chr7	117602897	T|-	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000649406	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	34	None
chr7:117602896:GT/G:1	chr7	117602897	T|-	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000649781	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	34	None
chr7:117602927:C/A:1	chr7	117602927	C|A	1	AC000061.1	ENSG00000083622	ENST00000456270	3downstream	None	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr7:117602927:C/A:1	chr7	117602927	C|A	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000003084	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	64	None
chr7:117602927:C/A:1	chr7	117602927	C|A	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000426809	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	64	None
chr7:117602927:C/A:1	chr7	117602927	C|A	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000647720	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	64	None
chr7:117602927:C/A:1	chr7	117602927	C|A	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000648260	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	64	None
chr7:117602927:C/A:1	chr7	117602927	C|A	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000649406	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	64	None
chr7:117602927:C/A:1	chr7	117602927	C|A	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000649781	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	64	None
chr7:117603517:C/A:1	chr7	117603517	C|A	1	AC000061.1	ENSG00000083622	ENST00000456270	3downstream	None	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr7:117603517:C/A:1	chr7	117603517	C|A	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000003084	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	15	None
chr7:117603517:C/A:1	chr7	117603517	C|A	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000426809	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	15	None
chr7:117603517:C/A:1	chr7	117603517	C|A	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000647720	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	15	None
chr7:117603517:C/A:1	chr7	117603517	C|A	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000648260	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	15	None
chr7:117603517:C/A:1	chr7	117603517	C|A	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000649406	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	15	None
chr7:117603517:C/A:1	chr7	117603517	C|A	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000649781	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	15	None
chr7:117603593:AT/A:1	chr7	117603594	T|-	1	AC000061.1	ENSG00000083622	ENST00000456270	3downstream	None	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr7:117603593:AT/A:1	chr7	117603594	T|-	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000003084	coding	2852	2720	907	I>T	frameshift:stop-gain	None	MQRSPLEKASVVSKLFFSWTRPILRKGYRQRLELSDIYQIPSVDSADNLSEKLEREWDRELASKKNPKLINALRRCFFWRFMFYGIFLYLGEVTKAVQPLLLGRIIASYDPDNKEERSIAIYLGIGLCLLFIVRTLLLHPAIFGLHHIGMQMRIAMFSLIYKKTLKLSSRVLDKISIGQLVSLLSNNLNKFDEGLALAHFVWIAPLQVALLMGLIWELLQASAFCGLGFLIVLALFQAGLGRMMMKYRDQRAGKISERLVITSEMIENIQSVKAYCWEEAMEKMIENLRQTELKLTRKAAYVRYFNSSAFFFSGFFVVFLSVLPYALIKGIILRKIFTTISFCIVLRMAVTRQFPWAVQTWYDSLGAINKIQDFLQKQEYKTLEYNLTTTEVVMENVTAFWEEGFGELFEKAKQNNNNRKTSNGDDSLFFSNFSLLGTPVLKDINFKIERGQLLAVAGSTGAGKTSLLMVIMGELEPSEGKIKHSGRISFCSQFSWIMPGTIKENIIFGVSYDEYRYRSVIKACQLEEDISKFAEKDNIVLGEGGITLSGGQRARISLARAVYKDADLYLLDSPFGYLDVLTEKEIFESCVCKLMANKTRILVTSKMEHLKKADKILILHEGSSYFYGTFSELQNLQPDFSSKLMGCDSFDQFSAERRNSILTETLHRFSLEGDAPVSWTETKKQSFKQTGEFGEKRKNSILNPINSIRKFSIVQKTPLQMNGIEEDSDEPLERRLSLVPDSEQGEAILPRISVISTGPTLQARRRQSVLNLMTHSVNQGQNIHRKTTASTRKVSLAPQANLTELDIYSRRLSQETGLEISEEINEEDLKECFFDDMESIPAVTTWNTYLRYITVHKSLIFVLIWCLVIFLAEVAASLVVLWLLGNTPLQDKGNSTHSRNNSYAVIITSTSSYYVFYIYVGVADTLLAMGFFRGLPLVHTLITVSKILHHKMLHSVLQAPMSTLNTLKAGGILNRFSKDIAILDDLLPLTIFDFIQLLLIVIGAIAVVAVLQPYIFVATVPVIVAFIMLRAYFLQTSQQLKQLESEGRSPIFTHLVTSLKGLWTLRAFGRQPYFETLFHKALNLHTANWFLYLSTLRWFQMRIEMIFVIFFIAVTFISILTTGEGEGRVGIILTLAMNIMSTLQWAVNSSIDVDSLMRSVSRVFKFIDMPTEGKPTKSTKPYKNGQLSKVMIIENSHVKKDDIWPSGGQMTVKDLTAKYTEGGNAILENISFSISPGQRVGLLGRTGSGKSTLLSAFLRLLNTEGEIQIDGVSWDSITLQQWRKAFGVIPQKVFIFSGTFRKNLDPYEQWSDQEIWKVADEVGLRSVIEQFPGKLDFVLVDGGCVLSHGHKQLMCLARSVLSKAKILLLDEPSAHLDPVTYQIIRRTLKQAFADCTVILCEHRIEAMLECQQFLVIEENKVRQYDSIQKLLNERSLFRQAISPSDRVKLFPHRNSSKCKSKPQIAALKEETEEEVQDTRL*|MQRSPLEKASVVSKLFFSWTRPILRKGYRQRLELSDIYQIPSVDSADNLSEKLEREWDRELASKKNPKLINALRRCFFWRFMFYGIFLYLGEVTKAVQPLLLGRIIASYDPDNKEERSIAIYLGIGLCLLFIVRTLLLHPAIFGLHHIGMQMRIAMFSLIYKKTLKLSSRVLDKISIGQLVSLLSNNLNKFDEGLALAHFVWIAPLQVALLMGLIWELLQASAFCGLGFLIVLALFQAGLGRMMMKYRDQRAGKISERLVITSEMIENIQSVKAYCWEEAMEKMIENLRQTELKLTRKAAYVRYFNSSAFFFSGFFVVFLSVLPYALIKGIILRKIFTTISFCIVLRMAVTRQFPWAVQTWYDSLGAINKIQDFLQKQEYKTLEYNLTTTEVVMENVTAFWEEGFGELFEKAKQNNNNRKTSNGDDSLFFSNFSLLGTPVLKDINFKIERGQLLAVAGSTGAGKTSLLMVIMGELEPSEGKIKHSGRISFCSQFSWIMPGTIKENIIFGVSYDEYRYRSVIKACQLEEDISKFAEKDNIVLGEGGITLSGGQRARISLARAVYKDADLYLLDSPFGYLDVLTEKEIFESCVCKLMANKTRILVTSKMEHLKKADKILILHEGSSYFYGTFSELQNLQPDFSSKLMGCDSFDQFSAERRNSILTETLHRFSLEGDAPVSWTETKKQSFKQTGEFGEKRKNSILNPINSIRKFSIVQKTPLQMNGIEEDSDEPLERRLSLVPDSEQGEAILPRISVISTGPTLQARRRQSVLNLMTHSVNQGQNIHRKTTASTRKVSLAPQANLTELDIYSRRLSQETGLEISEEINEEDLKECFFDDMESIPAVTTWNTYLRYITVHKSLIFVLIWCLVIFLAEVAASLVVLWLLGNTPLQDKGNSTHSRNNSYAVITPAPVRIMCFTFTWE*
chr7:117603593:AT/A:1	chr7	117603594	T|-	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000426809	coding	2630	2630	877	I>T	*frameshift:stop-gain	None	MQRSPLEKASVVSKLFFSWTRPILRKGYRQRLELSDIYQIPSVDSADNLSEKLEREWDRELASKKNPKLINALRRCFFWRFMFYGIFLYLGEVTKAVQPLLLGRIIASYDPDNKEERSIAIYLGIGLCLLFIVRTLLLHPAIFGLHHIGMQMRIAMFSLIYKKGLALAHFVWIAPLQVALLMGLIWELLQASAFCGLGFLIVLALFQAGLGRMMMKYRDQRAGKISERLVITSEMIENIQSVKAYCWEEAMEKMIENLRQTELKLTRKAAYVRYFNSSAFFFSGFFVVFLSVLPYALIKGIILRKIFTTISFCIVLRMAVTRQFPWAVQTWYDSLGAINKIQDFLQKQEYKTLEYNLTTTEVVMENVTAFWEEGFGELFEKAKQNNNNRKTSNGDDSLFFSNFSLLGTPVLKDINFKIERGQLLAVAGSTGAGKTSLLMVIMGELEPSEGKIKHSGRISFCSQFSWIMPGTIKENIIFGVSYDEYRYRSVIKACQLEEDISKFAEKDNIVLGEGGITLSGGQRARISLARAVYKDADLYLLDSPFGYLDVLTEKEIFESCVCKLMANKTRILVTSKMEHLKKADKILILHEGSSYFYGTFSELQNLQPDFSSKLMGCDSFDQFSAERRNSILTETLHRFSLEGDAPVSWTETKKQSFKQTGEFGEKRKNSILNPINSIRKFSIVQKTPLQMNGIEEDSDEPLERRLSLVPDSEQGEAILPRISVISTGPTLQARRRQSVLNLMTHSVNQGQNIHRKTTASTRKVSLAPQANLTELDIYSRRLSQETGLEISEEINEEDLKECFFDDMESIPAVTTWNTYLRYITVHKSLIFVLIWCLVIFLAEVAASLVVLWLLGNTPLQDKGNSTHSRNNSYAVIITSTSSYYVFYIYVGVADTLLAMGFFRGLPLVHTLITVSKILHHKMLHSVLQAPMSTLNTLKAGGILNRFSKDIAILDDLLPLTIFDFIQLLLIVIGAIAVVAVLQPYIFVATVPVIVAFIMLRAYFLQTSQQLKQLESEGRSPIFTHLVTSLKGLWTLRAFGRQPYFETLFHKALNLHTANWFLYLSTLRWFQMRIEMIFVIFFIAVTFISILTTGEGEGRVGIILTLAMNIMSTLQWAVNSSIDVDSLMRSVSRVFKFIDMPTEGKPTKSTKPYKNGQLSKVMIIENSHVKKDDIWPSGGQMTVKDLTAKYTEGGNAILENISFSISPGQRVGLLGRTGSGKSTLLSAFLRLLNTEGEIQIDGVSWDSITLQQWRKAFGVIPQKVFIFSGTFRKNLDPYEQWSDQEIWKVADEVGLRSVIEQFPGKLDFVLVDGGCVLSHGHKQLMCLARSVLSKAKILLLDEPSAHLDPVTYQIIRRTLKQAFADCTVILCEHRIEAMLECQQFLVIEENKVRQYDSIQKLLNERSLFRQAISPSDRVKLFPHRNSSKCKSKPQIAALK|MQRSPLEKASVVSKLFFSWTRPILRKGYRQRLELSDIYQIPSVDSADNLSEKLEREWDRELASKKNPKLINALRRCFFWRFMFYGIFLYLGEVTKAVQPLLLGRIIASYDPDNKEERSIAIYLGIGLCLLFIVRTLLLHPAIFGLHHIGMQMRIAMFSLIYKKGLALAHFVWIAPLQVALLMGLIWELLQASAFCGLGFLIVLALFQAGLGRMMMKYRDQRAGKISERLVITSEMIENIQSVKAYCWEEAMEKMIENLRQTELKLTRKAAYVRYFNSSAFFFSGFFVVFLSVLPYALIKGIILRKIFTTISFCIVLRMAVTRQFPWAVQTWYDSLGAINKIQDFLQKQEYKTLEYNLTTTEVVMENVTAFWEEGFGELFEKAKQNNNNRKTSNGDDSLFFSNFSLLGTPVLKDINFKIERGQLLAVAGSTGAGKTSLLMVIMGELEPSEGKIKHSGRISFCSQFSWIMPGTIKENIIFGVSYDEYRYRSVIKACQLEEDISKFAEKDNIVLGEGGITLSGGQRARISLARAVYKDADLYLLDSPFGYLDVLTEKEIFESCVCKLMANKTRILVTSKMEHLKKADKILILHEGSSYFYGTFSELQNLQPDFSSKLMGCDSFDQFSAERRNSILTETLHRFSLEGDAPVSWTETKKQSFKQTGEFGEKRKNSILNPINSIRKFSIVQKTPLQMNGIEEDSDEPLERRLSLVPDSEQGEAILPRISVISTGPTLQARRRQSVLNLMTHSVNQGQNIHRKTTASTRKVSLAPQANLTELDIYSRRLSQETGLEISEEINEEDLKECFFDDMESIPAVTTWNTYLRYITVHKSLIFVLIWCLVIFLAEVAASLVVLWLLGNTPLQDKGNSTHSRNNSYAVITPAPVRIMCFTFTWE*
chr7:117603593:AT/A:1	chr7	117603594	T|-	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000647720	coding	370	371	124	I>T	frameshift:stop-gain	None	XRKTTASTRKVSLAPQANLTELDIYSRRLSQETGLEISEEINEEDLKECFFDDMESIPAVTTWNTYLRYITVHKSLIFVLIWCLVIFLAEVAASLVVLWLLGNTPLQDKGNSTHSRNNSYAVIITSTSSYYVFYIYVGVADTLLAMGFFRGLPLVHTLITVSKILHHKMLHSVLQAPMSTLNTLKAGGILNRFSKDIAILDDLLPLTIFDFIQLLLIVIGAIAVVAVLQPYIFVATVPVIVAFIMLRAYFLQTSQQLKQLESEGRSPIFTHLVTSLKGLWTLRAFGRQPYFETLFHKALNLHTANWFLYLSTLRWFQMRIEMIFVIFFIAVTFISILTTGEGEGRVGIILTLAMNIMSTLQWAVNSSIDVDSLMRSVSRVFKFIDMPTEGGPLGKNWIREEYFVISFFETTEH*|XRKTTASTRKVSLAPQANLTELDIYSRRLSQETGLEISEEINEEDLKECFFDDMESIPAVTTWNTYLRYITVHKSLIFVLIWCLVIFLAEVAASLVVLWLLGNTPLQDKGNSTHSRNNSYAVITPAPVRIMCFTFTWE*
chr7:117603593:AT/A:1	chr7	117603594	T|-	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000648260	coding	1586	1502	501	I>T	frameshift:stop-gain	None	MQRSPLEKASVVSKLFFSWTRPILRKGYRQRLELSDIYQIPSVDSADNLSEKLEREWDRELASKKNPKLINALRRCFFWRFMFYGIFLYLGEVTKAVQPLLLGRIIASYDPDNKEERSIAIYLGIGLCLLFIVRTLLLHPAIFGLHHIGMQMRIAMFSLIYKKTLKLSSRVLDKISIGQLVSLLSNNLNKFDEGLALAHFVWIAPLQVALLMGLIWELLQASAFCGLGFLIVLALFQAGLGRMMMKYRDQRAGKISERLVITSEMIENIQSVKAYCWEEAMEKMIENLRQTELKLTRKAAYVRYFNSSAFFFSGFFVVFLSVLPYALIKGIILRKIFTTISFCIVLRMAVTRQFPWAVQTWYDSLGAINKIQDFLQKQEYKTLEYNLTTTEVVMENVTAFWEETSLLMVIMGELEPSEGKIKHSGRISFCSQFSWIMPGTIKENIIFGVSYDEYRYRSVIKACQLEEVAASLVVLWLLGNTPLQDKGNSTHSRNNSYAVIITSTSSYYVFYIYVGVADTLLAMGFFRGLPLVHTLITVSKILHHKMLHSVLQAPMSTLNTLKAGGILNRFSKDIAILDDLLPLTIFDFIQLLLIVIGAIAVVAVLQPYIFVATVPVIVAFIMLRAYFLQTSQQLKQLESEGRSPIFTHLVTSLKGLWTLRAFGRQPYFETLFHKALNLHTANWFLYLSTLRWFQMRIEMIFVIFFIAVTFISILTTGEGEGRVGIILTLAMNIMSTLQWAVNSSIDVDSLMRSVSRVFKFIDMPTEGKPTKSTKPYKNGQLSKVMIIENSHVKKDDIWPSGGQMTVKDLTAKYTEGGNAILENISFSISPGQRVRFEHCLLC*|MQRSPLEKASVVSKLFFSWTRPILRKGYRQRLELSDIYQIPSVDSADNLSEKLEREWDRELASKKNPKLINALRRCFFWRFMFYGIFLYLGEVTKAVQPLLLGRIIASYDPDNKEERSIAIYLGIGLCLLFIVRTLLLHPAIFGLHHIGMQMRIAMFSLIYKKTLKLSSRVLDKISIGQLVSLLSNNLNKFDEGLALAHFVWIAPLQVALLMGLIWELLQASAFCGLGFLIVLALFQAGLGRMMMKYRDQRAGKISERLVITSEMIENIQSVKAYCWEEAMEKMIENLRQTELKLTRKAAYVRYFNSSAFFFSGFFVVFLSVLPYALIKGIILRKIFTTISFCIVLRMAVTRQFPWAVQTWYDSLGAINKIQDFLQKQEYKTLEYNLTTTEVVMENVTAFWEETSLLMVIMGELEPSEGKIKHSGRISFCSQFSWIMPGTIKENIIFGVSYDEYRYRSVIKACQLEEVAASLVVLWLLGNTPLQDKGNSTHSRNNSYAVITPAPVRIMCFTFTWE*
chr7:117603593:AT/A:1	chr7	117603594	T|-	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000649406	coding	2621	2537	846	I>T	frameshift:stop-gain	None	MQRSPLEKASVVSKLFFSWTRPILRKGYRQRLELSDIYQIPSVDSADNLSEKLEREWDRELASKKNPKLINALRRCFFWRFMFYGIFLYLGEVTKAVQPLLLGRIIASYDPDNKEERSIAIYLGIGLCLLFIVRTLLLHPAIFGLHHIGMQMRIAMFSLIYKKTLKLSSRVLDKISIGQLVSLLSNNLNKFDEGLALAHFVWIAPLQVALLMGLIWELLQASAFCGLGFLIVLALFQAGLGRMMMKYRDQRAGKISERLVITSEMIENIQSVKAYCWEEAMEKMIENLRQTELKLTRKAAYVRYFNSSAFFFSGFFVVFLSVLPYALIKGIILRKIFTTISFCIVLRMAVTRQFPWAVQTWYDSLGAINKIQDFLQKQEYKTLEYNLTTTEVVMENVTAFWEETSLLMVIMGELEPSEGKIKHSGRISFCSQFSWIMPGTIKENIIFGVSYDEYRYRSVIKACQLEEDISKFAEKDNIVLGEGGITLSGGQRARISLARAVYKDADLYLLDSPFGYLDVLTEKEIFESCVCKLMANKTRILVTSKMEHLKKADKILILHEGSSYFYGTFSELQNLQPDFSSKLMGCDSFDQFSAERRNSILTETLHRFSLEGDAPVSWTETKKQSFKQTGEFGEKRKNSILNPINSIRKFSIVQKTPLQMNGIEEDSDEPLERRLSLVPDSEQGEAILPRISVISTGPTLQARRRQSVLNLMTHSVNQGQNIHRKTTASTRKVSLAPQANLTELDIYSRRLSQETGLEISEEINEEDLKECFFDDMESIPAVTTWNTYLRYITVHKSLIFVLIWCLVIFLAEVAASLVVLWLLGNTPLQDKGNSTHSRNNSYAVIITSTSSYYVFYIYVGVADTLLAMGFFRGLPLVHTLITVSKILHHKMLHSVLQAPMSTLNTLKAGGILNRFSKDIAILDDLLPLTIFDFIQLLLIVIGAIAVVAVLQPYIFVATVPVIVAFIMLRAYFLQTSQQLKQLESEGRSPIFTHLVTSLKGLWTLRAFGRQPYFETLFHKALNLHTANWFLYLSTLRWFQMRIEMIFVIFFIAVTFISILTTGEGEGRVGIILTLAMNIMSTLQWAVNSSIDVDSLMRSVSRVFKFIDMPTEGKPTKSTKPYKNGQLSKVMIIENSHVKKDDIWPSGGQMTVKDLTAKYTEGGNAILENISFSISPGQRVRFEHCLLC*|MQRSPLEKASVVSKLFFSWTRPILRKGYRQRLELSDIYQIPSVDSADNLSEKLEREWDRELASKKNPKLINALRRCFFWRFMFYGIFLYLGEVTKAVQPLLLGRIIASYDPDNKEERSIAIYLGIGLCLLFIVRTLLLHPAIFGLHHIGMQMRIAMFSLIYKKTLKLSSRVLDKISIGQLVSLLSNNLNKFDEGLALAHFVWIAPLQVALLMGLIWELLQASAFCGLGFLIVLALFQAGLGRMMMKYRDQRAGKISERLVITSEMIENIQSVKAYCWEEAMEKMIENLRQTELKLTRKAAYVRYFNSSAFFFSGFFVVFLSVLPYALIKGIILRKIFTTISFCIVLRMAVTRQFPWAVQTWYDSLGAINKIQDFLQKQEYKTLEYNLTTTEVVMENVTAFWEETSLLMVIMGELEPSEGKIKHSGRISFCSQFSWIMPGTIKENIIFGVSYDEYRYRSVIKACQLEEDISKFAEKDNIVLGEGGITLSGGQRARISLARAVYKDADLYLLDSPFGYLDVLTEKEIFESCVCKLMANKTRILVTSKMEHLKKADKILILHEGSSYFYGTFSELQNLQPDFSSKLMGCDSFDQFSAERRNSILTETLHRFSLEGDAPVSWTETKKQSFKQTGEFGEKRKNSILNPINSIRKFSIVQKTPLQMNGIEEDSDEPLERRLSLVPDSEQGEAILPRISVISTGPTLQARRRQSVLNLMTHSVNQGQNIHRKTTASTRKVSLAPQANLTELDIYSRRLSQETGLEISEEINEEDLKECFFDDMESIPAVTTWNTYLRYITVHKSLIFVLIWCLVIFLAEVAASLVVLWLLGNTPLQDKGNSTHSRNNSYAVITPAPVRIMCFTFTWE*
chr7:117603593:AT/A:1	chr7	117603594	T|-	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000649781	coding	2537	2537	846	I>T	frameshift:stop-gain	None	MQRSPLEKASVVSKLFFSWTRPILRKGYRQRLELSDIYQIPSVDSADNLSEKLEREWDRELASKKNPKLINALRRCFFWRFMFYGIFLYLGEVTKAVQPLLLGRIIASYDPDNKEERSIAIYLGIGLCLLFIVRTLLLHPAIFGLHHIGMQMRIAMFSLIYKKTLKLSSRVLDKISIGQLVSLLSNNLNKFDEGLALAHFVWIAPLQVALLMGLIWELLQASAFCGLGFLIVLALFQAGLGRMMMKYRDQRAGKISERLVITSEMIENIQSVKAYCWEEAMEKMIENLRQTELKLTRKAAYVRYFNSSAFFFSGFFVVFLSVLPYALIKGIILRKIFTTISFCIVLRMAVTRQFPWAVQTWYDSLGAINKIQDFLQKQEYKTLEYNLTTTEVVMENVTAFWEETSLLMVIMGELEPSEGKIKHSGRISFCSQFSWIMPGTIKENIIFGVSYDEYRYRSVIKACQLEEDISKFAEKDNIVLGEGGITLSGGQRARISLARAVYKDADLYLLDSPFGYLDVLTEKEIFESCVCKLMANKTRILVTSKMEHLKKADKILILHEGSSYFYGTFSELQNLQPDFSSKLMGCDSFDQFSAERRNSILTETLHRFSLEGDAPVSWTETKKQSFKQTGEFGEKRKNSILNPINSIRKFSIVQKTPLQMNGIEEDSDEPLERRLSLVPDSEQGEAILPRISVISTGPTLQARRRQSVLNLMTHSVNQGQNIHRKTTASTRKVSLAPQANLTELDIYSRRLSQETGLEISEEINEEDLKECFFDDMESIPAVTTWNTYLRYITVHKSLIFVLIWCLVIFLAEVAASLVVLWLLGNTPLQDKGNSTHSRNNSYAVIITSTSSYYVFYIYVGVADTLLAMGFFRGLPLVHTLITVSKILHHKMLHSVLQAPMSTLNTLKAGGILNRFSKDIAILDDLLPLTIFDFIQLLLIVIGAIAVVAVLQPYIFVATVPVIVAFIMLRAYFLQTSQQLKQLESEGRSPIFTHLVTSLKGLWTLRAFGRQPYFETLFHKALNLHTANWFLYLSTLRWFQMRIEMIFVIFFIAVTFISILTTGEGEGRVGIILTLAMNIMSTLQWAVNSSIDVDSLMRSVSRVFKFIDMPTEGKPTKSTKPYKNGQLSKVMIIENSHVKKDDIWPSGGQMTVKDLTAKYTEGGNAILENISFSISPGQRVGLLGRTGSGKSTLLSAFLRLLNTEGEIQIDGVSWDSITLQQWRKAFGVIPQKVFIFSGTFRKNLDPYEQWSDQEIWKVADEVGLRSVIEQFPGKLDFVLVDGGCVLSHGHKQLMCLARSVLSKAKILLLDEPSAHLDPVTYQIIRRTLKQAFADCTVILCEHRIEAMLECQQFLVIEENKVRQYDSIQKLLNERSLFRQAISPSDRVKLFPHRNSSKCKSKPQIAALKEETEEEVQDTRL*|MQRSPLEKASVVSKLFFSWTRPILRKGYRQRLELSDIYQIPSVDSADNLSEKLEREWDRELASKKNPKLINALRRCFFWRFMFYGIFLYLGEVTKAVQPLLLGRIIASYDPDNKEERSIAIYLGIGLCLLFIVRTLLLHPAIFGLHHIGMQMRIAMFSLIYKKTLKLSSRVLDKISIGQLVSLLSNNLNKFDEGLALAHFVWIAPLQVALLMGLIWELLQASAFCGLGFLIVLALFQAGLGRMMMKYRDQRAGKISERLVITSEMIENIQSVKAYCWEEAMEKMIENLRQTELKLTRKAAYVRYFNSSAFFFSGFFVVFLSVLPYALIKGIILRKIFTTISFCIVLRMAVTRQFPWAVQTWYDSLGAINKIQDFLQKQEYKTLEYNLTTTEVVMENVTAFWEETSLLMVIMGELEPSEGKIKHSGRISFCSQFSWIMPGTIKENIIFGVSYDEYRYRSVIKACQLEEDISKFAEKDNIVLGEGGITLSGGQRARISLARAVYKDADLYLLDSPFGYLDVLTEKEIFESCVCKLMANKTRILVTSKMEHLKKADKILILHEGSSYFYGTFSELQNLQPDFSSKLMGCDSFDQFSAERRNSILTETLHRFSLEGDAPVSWTETKKQSFKQTGEFGEKRKNSILNPINSIRKFSIVQKTPLQMNGIEEDSDEPLERRLSLVPDSEQGEAILPRISVISTGPTLQARRRQSVLNLMTHSVNQGQNIHRKTTASTRKVSLAPQANLTELDIYSRRLSQETGLEISEEINEEDLKECFFDDMESIPAVTTWNTYLRYITVHKSLIFVLIWCLVIFLAEVAASLVVLWLLGNTPLQDKGNSTHSRNNSYAVITPAPVRIMCFTFTWE*
chr7:117603599:A/AT:1	chr7	117603600	-|T	1	AC000061.1	ENSG00000083622	ENST00000456270	3downstream	None	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr7:117603599:A/AT:1	chr7	117603600	-|T	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000003084	coding	2858	2726	909	S>M	frameshift:stop-gain	None	MQRSPLEKASVVSKLFFSWTRPILRKGYRQRLELSDIYQIPSVDSADNLSEKLEREWDRELASKKNPKLINALRRCFFWRFMFYGIFLYLGEVTKAVQPLLLGRIIASYDPDNKEERSIAIYLGIGLCLLFIVRTLLLHPAIFGLHHIGMQMRIAMFSLIYKKTLKLSSRVLDKISIGQLVSLLSNNLNKFDEGLALAHFVWIAPLQVALLMGLIWELLQASAFCGLGFLIVLALFQAGLGRMMMKYRDQRAGKISERLVITSEMIENIQSVKAYCWEEAMEKMIENLRQTELKLTRKAAYVRYFNSSAFFFSGFFVVFLSVLPYALIKGIILRKIFTTISFCIVLRMAVTRQFPWAVQTWYDSLGAINKIQDFLQKQEYKTLEYNLTTTEVVMENVTAFWEEGFGELFEKAKQNNNNRKTSNGDDSLFFSNFSLLGTPVLKDINFKIERGQLLAVAGSTGAGKTSLLMVIMGELEPSEGKIKHSGRISFCSQFSWIMPGTIKENIIFGVSYDEYRYRSVIKACQLEEDISKFAEKDNIVLGEGGITLSGGQRARISLARAVYKDADLYLLDSPFGYLDVLTEKEIFESCVCKLMANKTRILVTSKMEHLKKADKILILHEGSSYFYGTFSELQNLQPDFSSKLMGCDSFDQFSAERRNSILTETLHRFSLEGDAPVSWTETKKQSFKQTGEFGEKRKNSILNPINSIRKFSIVQKTPLQMNGIEEDSDEPLERRLSLVPDSEQGEAILPRISVISTGPTLQARRRQSVLNLMTHSVNQGQNIHRKTTASTRKVSLAPQANLTELDIYSRRLSQETGLEISEEINEEDLKECFFDDMESIPAVTTWNTYLRYITVHKSLIFVLIWCLVIFLAEVAASLVVLWLLGNTPLQDKGNSTHSRNNSYAVIITSTSSYYVFYIYVGVADTLLAMGFFRGLPLVHTLITVSKILHHKMLHSVLQAPMSTLNTLKAGGILNRFSKDIAILDDLLPLTIFDFIQLLLIVIGAIAVVAVLQPYIFVATVPVIVAFIMLRAYFLQTSQQLKQLESEGRSPIFTHLVTSLKGLWTLRAFGRQPYFETLFHKALNLHTANWFLYLSTLRWFQMRIEMIFVIFFIAVTFISILTTGEGEGRVGIILTLAMNIMSTLQWAVNSSIDVDSLMRSVSRVFKFIDMPTEGKPTKSTKPYKNGQLSKVMIIENSHVKKDDIWPSGGQMTVKDLTAKYTEGGNAILENISFSISPGQRVGLLGRTGSGKSTLLSAFLRLLNTEGEIQIDGVSWDSITLQQWRKAFGVIPQKVFIFSGTFRKNLDPYEQWSDQEIWKVADEVGLRSVIEQFPGKLDFVLVDGGCVLSHGHKQLMCLARSVLSKAKILLLDEPSAHLDPVTYQIIRRTLKQAFADCTVILCEHRIEAMLECQQFLVIEENKVRQYDSIQKLLNERSLFRQAISPSDRVKLFPHRNSSKCKSKPQIAALKEETEEEVQDTRL*|MQRSPLEKASVVSKLFFSWTRPILRKGYRQRLELSDIYQIPSVDSADNLSEKLEREWDRELASKKNPKLINALRRCFFWRFMFYGIFLYLGEVTKAVQPLLLGRIIASYDPDNKEERSIAIYLGIGLCLLFIVRTLLLHPAIFGLHHIGMQMRIAMFSLIYKKTLKLSSRVLDKISIGQLVSLLSNNLNKFDEGLALAHFVWIAPLQVALLMGLIWELLQASAFCGLGFLIVLALFQAGLGRMMMKYRDQRAGKISERLVITSEMIENIQSVKAYCWEEAMEKMIENLRQTELKLTRKAAYVRYFNSSAFFFSGFFVVFLSVLPYALIKGIILRKIFTTISFCIVLRMAVTRQFPWAVQTWYDSLGAINKIQDFLQKQEYKTLEYNLTTTEVVMENVTAFWEEGFGELFEKAKQNNNNRKTSNGDDSLFFSNFSLLGTPVLKDINFKIERGQLLAVAGSTGAGKTSLLMVIMGELEPSEGKIKHSGRISFCSQFSWIMPGTIKENIIFGVSYDEYRYRSVIKACQLEEDISKFAEKDNIVLGEGGITLSGGQRARISLARAVYKDADLYLLDSPFGYLDVLTEKEIFESCVCKLMANKTRILVTSKMEHLKKADKILILHEGSSYFYGTFSELQNLQPDFSSKLMGCDSFDQFSAERRNSILTETLHRFSLEGDAPVSWTETKKQSFKQTGEFGEKRKNSILNPINSIRKFSIVQKTPLQMNGIEEDSDEPLERRLSLVPDSEQGEAILPRISVISTGPTLQARRRQSVLNLMTHSVNQGQNIHRKTTASTRKVSLAPQANLTELDIYSRRLSQETGLEISEEINEEDLKECFFDDMESIPAVTTWNTYLRYITVHKSLIFVLIWCLVIFLAEVAASLVVLWLLGNTPLQDKGNSTHSRNNSYAVIITMHQFVLCVLHLRGSSRHFACYGILQRSTTGAYSNHSVENFTPQNVTFCSSSTYVNPQHVESRWDS*
chr7:117603599:A/AT:1	chr7	117603600	-|T	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000426809	coding	2636	2636	879	S>M	*frameshift:stop-gain	None	MQRSPLEKASVVSKLFFSWTRPILRKGYRQRLELSDIYQIPSVDSADNLSEKLEREWDRELASKKNPKLINALRRCFFWRFMFYGIFLYLGEVTKAVQPLLLGRIIASYDPDNKEERSIAIYLGIGLCLLFIVRTLLLHPAIFGLHHIGMQMRIAMFSLIYKKGLALAHFVWIAPLQVALLMGLIWELLQASAFCGLGFLIVLALFQAGLGRMMMKYRDQRAGKISERLVITSEMIENIQSVKAYCWEEAMEKMIENLRQTELKLTRKAAYVRYFNSSAFFFSGFFVVFLSVLPYALIKGIILRKIFTTISFCIVLRMAVTRQFPWAVQTWYDSLGAINKIQDFLQKQEYKTLEYNLTTTEVVMENVTAFWEEGFGELFEKAKQNNNNRKTSNGDDSLFFSNFSLLGTPVLKDINFKIERGQLLAVAGSTGAGKTSLLMVIMGELEPSEGKIKHSGRISFCSQFSWIMPGTIKENIIFGVSYDEYRYRSVIKACQLEEDISKFAEKDNIVLGEGGITLSGGQRARISLARAVYKDADLYLLDSPFGYLDVLTEKEIFESCVCKLMANKTRILVTSKMEHLKKADKILILHEGSSYFYGTFSELQNLQPDFSSKLMGCDSFDQFSAERRNSILTETLHRFSLEGDAPVSWTETKKQSFKQTGEFGEKRKNSILNPINSIRKFSIVQKTPLQMNGIEEDSDEPLERRLSLVPDSEQGEAILPRISVISTGPTLQARRRQSVLNLMTHSVNQGQNIHRKTTASTRKVSLAPQANLTELDIYSRRLSQETGLEISEEINEEDLKECFFDDMESIPAVTTWNTYLRYITVHKSLIFVLIWCLVIFLAEVAASLVVLWLLGNTPLQDKGNSTHSRNNSYAVIITSTSSYYVFYIYVGVADTLLAMGFFRGLPLVHTLITVSKILHHKMLHSVLQAPMSTLNTLKAGGILNRFSKDIAILDDLLPLTIFDFIQLLLIVIGAIAVVAVLQPYIFVATVPVIVAFIMLRAYFLQTSQQLKQLESEGRSPIFTHLVTSLKGLWTLRAFGRQPYFETLFHKALNLHTANWFLYLSTLRWFQMRIEMIFVIFFIAVTFISILTTGEGEGRVGIILTLAMNIMSTLQWAVNSSIDVDSLMRSVSRVFKFIDMPTEGKPTKSTKPYKNGQLSKVMIIENSHVKKDDIWPSGGQMTVKDLTAKYTEGGNAILENISFSISPGQRVGLLGRTGSGKSTLLSAFLRLLNTEGEIQIDGVSWDSITLQQWRKAFGVIPQKVFIFSGTFRKNLDPYEQWSDQEIWKVADEVGLRSVIEQFPGKLDFVLVDGGCVLSHGHKQLMCLARSVLSKAKILLLDEPSAHLDPVTYQIIRRTLKQAFADCTVILCEHRIEAMLECQQFLVIEENKVRQYDSIQKLLNERSLFRQAISPSDRVKLFPHRNSSKCKSKPQIAALK|MQRSPLEKASVVSKLFFSWTRPILRKGYRQRLELSDIYQIPSVDSADNLSEKLEREWDRELASKKNPKLINALRRCFFWRFMFYGIFLYLGEVTKAVQPLLLGRIIASYDPDNKEERSIAIYLGIGLCLLFIVRTLLLHPAIFGLHHIGMQMRIAMFSLIYKKGLALAHFVWIAPLQVALLMGLIWELLQASAFCGLGFLIVLALFQAGLGRMMMKYRDQRAGKISERLVITSEMIENIQSVKAYCWEEAMEKMIENLRQTELKLTRKAAYVRYFNSSAFFFSGFFVVFLSVLPYALIKGIILRKIFTTISFCIVLRMAVTRQFPWAVQTWYDSLGAINKIQDFLQKQEYKTLEYNLTTTEVVMENVTAFWEEGFGELFEKAKQNNNNRKTSNGDDSLFFSNFSLLGTPVLKDINFKIERGQLLAVAGSTGAGKTSLLMVIMGELEPSEGKIKHSGRISFCSQFSWIMPGTIKENIIFGVSYDEYRYRSVIKACQLEEDISKFAEKDNIVLGEGGITLSGGQRARISLARAVYKDADLYLLDSPFGYLDVLTEKEIFESCVCKLMANKTRILVTSKMEHLKKADKILILHEGSSYFYGTFSELQNLQPDFSSKLMGCDSFDQFSAERRNSILTETLHRFSLEGDAPVSWTETKKQSFKQTGEFGEKRKNSILNPINSIRKFSIVQKTPLQMNGIEEDSDEPLERRLSLVPDSEQGEAILPRISVISTGPTLQARRRQSVLNLMTHSVNQGQNIHRKTTASTRKVSLAPQANLTELDIYSRRLSQETGLEISEEINEEDLKECFFDDMESIPAVTTWNTYLRYITVHKSLIFVLIWCLVIFLAEVAASLVVLWLLGNTPLQDKGNSTHSRNNSYAVIITMHQFVLCVLHLRGSSRHFACYGILQRSTTGAYSNHSVENFTPQNVTFCSSSTYVNPQHVESRWDS*
chr7:117603599:A/AT:1	chr7	117603600	-|T	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000647720	coding	376	377	126	S>M	frameshift:stop-gain	None	XRKTTASTRKVSLAPQANLTELDIYSRRLSQETGLEISEEINEEDLKECFFDDMESIPAVTTWNTYLRYITVHKSLIFVLIWCLVIFLAEVAASLVVLWLLGNTPLQDKGNSTHSRNNSYAVIITSTSSYYVFYIYVGVADTLLAMGFFRGLPLVHTLITVSKILHHKMLHSVLQAPMSTLNTLKAGGILNRFSKDIAILDDLLPLTIFDFIQLLLIVIGAIAVVAVLQPYIFVATVPVIVAFIMLRAYFLQTSQQLKQLESEGRSPIFTHLVTSLKGLWTLRAFGRQPYFETLFHKALNLHTANWFLYLSTLRWFQMRIEMIFVIFFIAVTFISILTTGEGEGRVGIILTLAMNIMSTLQWAVNSSIDVDSLMRSVSRVFKFIDMPTEGGPLGKNWIREEYFVISFFETTEH*|XRKTTASTRKVSLAPQANLTELDIYSRRLSQETGLEISEEINEEDLKECFFDDMESIPAVTTWNTYLRYITVHKSLIFVLIWCLVIFLAEVAASLVVLWLLGNTPLQDKGNSTHSRNNSYAVIITMHQFVLCVLHLRGSSRHFACYGILQRSTTGAYSNHSVENFTPQNVTFCSSSTYVNPQHVESRWDS*
chr7:117603599:A/AT:1	chr7	117603600	-|T	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000648260	coding	1592	1508	503	S>M	frameshift:stop-gain	None	MQRSPLEKASVVSKLFFSWTRPILRKGYRQRLELSDIYQIPSVDSADNLSEKLEREWDRELASKKNPKLINALRRCFFWRFMFYGIFLYLGEVTKAVQPLLLGRIIASYDPDNKEERSIAIYLGIGLCLLFIVRTLLLHPAIFGLHHIGMQMRIAMFSLIYKKTLKLSSRVLDKISIGQLVSLLSNNLNKFDEGLALAHFVWIAPLQVALLMGLIWELLQASAFCGLGFLIVLALFQAGLGRMMMKYRDQRAGKISERLVITSEMIENIQSVKAYCWEEAMEKMIENLRQTELKLTRKAAYVRYFNSSAFFFSGFFVVFLSVLPYALIKGIILRKIFTTISFCIVLRMAVTRQFPWAVQTWYDSLGAINKIQDFLQKQEYKTLEYNLTTTEVVMENVTAFWEETSLLMVIMGELEPSEGKIKHSGRISFCSQFSWIMPGTIKENIIFGVSYDEYRYRSVIKACQLEEVAASLVVLWLLGNTPLQDKGNSTHSRNNSYAVIITSTSSYYVFYIYVGVADTLLAMGFFRGLPLVHTLITVSKILHHKMLHSVLQAPMSTLNTLKAGGILNRFSKDIAILDDLLPLTIFDFIQLLLIVIGAIAVVAVLQPYIFVATVPVIVAFIMLRAYFLQTSQQLKQLESEGRSPIFTHLVTSLKGLWTLRAFGRQPYFETLFHKALNLHTANWFLYLSTLRWFQMRIEMIFVIFFIAVTFISILTTGEGEGRVGIILTLAMNIMSTLQWAVNSSIDVDSLMRSVSRVFKFIDMPTEGKPTKSTKPYKNGQLSKVMIIENSHVKKDDIWPSGGQMTVKDLTAKYTEGGNAILENISFSISPGQRVRFEHCLLC*|MQRSPLEKASVVSKLFFSWTRPILRKGYRQRLELSDIYQIPSVDSADNLSEKLEREWDRELASKKNPKLINALRRCFFWRFMFYGIFLYLGEVTKAVQPLLLGRIIASYDPDNKEERSIAIYLGIGLCLLFIVRTLLLHPAIFGLHHIGMQMRIAMFSLIYKKTLKLSSRVLDKISIGQLVSLLSNNLNKFDEGLALAHFVWIAPLQVALLMGLIWELLQASAFCGLGFLIVLALFQAGLGRMMMKYRDQRAGKISERLVITSEMIENIQSVKAYCWEEAMEKMIENLRQTELKLTRKAAYVRYFNSSAFFFSGFFVVFLSVLPYALIKGIILRKIFTTISFCIVLRMAVTRQFPWAVQTWYDSLGAINKIQDFLQKQEYKTLEYNLTTTEVVMENVTAFWEETSLLMVIMGELEPSEGKIKHSGRISFCSQFSWIMPGTIKENIIFGVSYDEYRYRSVIKACQLEEVAASLVVLWLLGNTPLQDKGNSTHSRNNSYAVIITMHQFVLCVLHLRGSSRHFACYGILQRSTTGAYSNHSVENFTPQNVTFCSSSTYVNPQHVESRWDS*
chr7:117603599:A/AT:1	chr7	117603600	-|T	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000649406	coding	2627	2543	848	S>M	frameshift:stop-gain	None	MQRSPLEKASVVSKLFFSWTRPILRKGYRQRLELSDIYQIPSVDSADNLSEKLEREWDRELASKKNPKLINALRRCFFWRFMFYGIFLYLGEVTKAVQPLLLGRIIASYDPDNKEERSIAIYLGIGLCLLFIVRTLLLHPAIFGLHHIGMQMRIAMFSLIYKKTLKLSSRVLDKISIGQLVSLLSNNLNKFDEGLALAHFVWIAPLQVALLMGLIWELLQASAFCGLGFLIVLALFQAGLGRMMMKYRDQRAGKISERLVITSEMIENIQSVKAYCWEEAMEKMIENLRQTELKLTRKAAYVRYFNSSAFFFSGFFVVFLSVLPYALIKGIILRKIFTTISFCIVLRMAVTRQFPWAVQTWYDSLGAINKIQDFLQKQEYKTLEYNLTTTEVVMENVTAFWEETSLLMVIMGELEPSEGKIKHSGRISFCSQFSWIMPGTIKENIIFGVSYDEYRYRSVIKACQLEEDISKFAEKDNIVLGEGGITLSGGQRARISLARAVYKDADLYLLDSPFGYLDVLTEKEIFESCVCKLMANKTRILVTSKMEHLKKADKILILHEGSSYFYGTFSELQNLQPDFSSKLMGCDSFDQFSAERRNSILTETLHRFSLEGDAPVSWTETKKQSFKQTGEFGEKRKNSILNPINSIRKFSIVQKTPLQMNGIEEDSDEPLERRLSLVPDSEQGEAILPRISVISTGPTLQARRRQSVLNLMTHSVNQGQNIHRKTTASTRKVSLAPQANLTELDIYSRRLSQETGLEISEEINEEDLKECFFDDMESIPAVTTWNTYLRYITVHKSLIFVLIWCLVIFLAEVAASLVVLWLLGNTPLQDKGNSTHSRNNSYAVIITSTSSYYVFYIYVGVADTLLAMGFFRGLPLVHTLITVSKILHHKMLHSVLQAPMSTLNTLKAGGILNRFSKDIAILDDLLPLTIFDFIQLLLIVIGAIAVVAVLQPYIFVATVPVIVAFIMLRAYFLQTSQQLKQLESEGRSPIFTHLVTSLKGLWTLRAFGRQPYFETLFHKALNLHTANWFLYLSTLRWFQMRIEMIFVIFFIAVTFISILTTGEGEGRVGIILTLAMNIMSTLQWAVNSSIDVDSLMRSVSRVFKFIDMPTEGKPTKSTKPYKNGQLSKVMIIENSHVKKDDIWPSGGQMTVKDLTAKYTEGGNAILENISFSISPGQRVRFEHCLLC*|MQRSPLEKASVVSKLFFSWTRPILRKGYRQRLELSDIYQIPSVDSADNLSEKLEREWDRELASKKNPKLINALRRCFFWRFMFYGIFLYLGEVTKAVQPLLLGRIIASYDPDNKEERSIAIYLGIGLCLLFIVRTLLLHPAIFGLHHIGMQMRIAMFSLIYKKTLKLSSRVLDKISIGQLVSLLSNNLNKFDEGLALAHFVWIAPLQVALLMGLIWELLQASAFCGLGFLIVLALFQAGLGRMMMKYRDQRAGKISERLVITSEMIENIQSVKAYCWEEAMEKMIENLRQTELKLTRKAAYVRYFNSSAFFFSGFFVVFLSVLPYALIKGIILRKIFTTISFCIVLRMAVTRQFPWAVQTWYDSLGAINKIQDFLQKQEYKTLEYNLTTTEVVMENVTAFWEETSLLMVIMGELEPSEGKIKHSGRISFCSQFSWIMPGTIKENIIFGVSYDEYRYRSVIKACQLEEDISKFAEKDNIVLGEGGITLSGGQRARISLARAVYKDADLYLLDSPFGYLDVLTEKEIFESCVCKLMANKTRILVTSKMEHLKKADKILILHEGSSYFYGTFSELQNLQPDFSSKLMGCDSFDQFSAERRNSILTETLHRFSLEGDAPVSWTETKKQSFKQTGEFGEKRKNSILNPINSIRKFSIVQKTPLQMNGIEEDSDEPLERRLSLVPDSEQGEAILPRISVISTGPTLQARRRQSVLNLMTHSVNQGQNIHRKTTASTRKVSLAPQANLTELDIYSRRLSQETGLEISEEINEEDLKECFFDDMESIPAVTTWNTYLRYITVHKSLIFVLIWCLVIFLAEVAASLVVLWLLGNTPLQDKGNSTHSRNNSYAVIITMHQFVLCVLHLRGSSRHFACYGILQRSTTGAYSNHSVENFTPQNVTFCSSSTYVNPQHVESRWDS*
chr7:117603599:A/AT:1	chr7	117603600	-|T	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000649781	coding	2543	2543	848	S>M	frameshift:stop-gain	None	MQRSPLEKASVVSKLFFSWTRPILRKGYRQRLELSDIYQIPSVDSADNLSEKLEREWDRELASKKNPKLINALRRCFFWRFMFYGIFLYLGEVTKAVQPLLLGRIIASYDPDNKEERSIAIYLGIGLCLLFIVRTLLLHPAIFGLHHIGMQMRIAMFSLIYKKTLKLSSRVLDKISIGQLVSLLSNNLNKFDEGLALAHFVWIAPLQVALLMGLIWELLQASAFCGLGFLIVLALFQAGLGRMMMKYRDQRAGKISERLVITSEMIENIQSVKAYCWEEAMEKMIENLRQTELKLTRKAAYVRYFNSSAFFFSGFFVVFLSVLPYALIKGIILRKIFTTISFCIVLRMAVTRQFPWAVQTWYDSLGAINKIQDFLQKQEYKTLEYNLTTTEVVMENVTAFWEETSLLMVIMGELEPSEGKIKHSGRISFCSQFSWIMPGTIKENIIFGVSYDEYRYRSVIKACQLEEDISKFAEKDNIVLGEGGITLSGGQRARISLARAVYKDADLYLLDSPFGYLDVLTEKEIFESCVCKLMANKTRILVTSKMEHLKKADKILILHEGSSYFYGTFSELQNLQPDFSSKLMGCDSFDQFSAERRNSILTETLHRFSLEGDAPVSWTETKKQSFKQTGEFGEKRKNSILNPINSIRKFSIVQKTPLQMNGIEEDSDEPLERRLSLVPDSEQGEAILPRISVISTGPTLQARRRQSVLNLMTHSVNQGQNIHRKTTASTRKVSLAPQANLTELDIYSRRLSQETGLEISEEINEEDLKECFFDDMESIPAVTTWNTYLRYITVHKSLIFVLIWCLVIFLAEVAASLVVLWLLGNTPLQDKGNSTHSRNNSYAVIITSTSSYYVFYIYVGVADTLLAMGFFRGLPLVHTLITVSKILHHKMLHSVLQAPMSTLNTLKAGGILNRFSKDIAILDDLLPLTIFDFIQLLLIVIGAIAVVAVLQPYIFVATVPVIVAFIMLRAYFLQTSQQLKQLESEGRSPIFTHLVTSLKGLWTLRAFGRQPYFETLFHKALNLHTANWFLYLSTLRWFQMRIEMIFVIFFIAVTFISILTTGEGEGRVGIILTLAMNIMSTLQWAVNSSIDVDSLMRSVSRVFKFIDMPTEGKPTKSTKPYKNGQLSKVMIIENSHVKKDDIWPSGGQMTVKDLTAKYTEGGNAILENISFSISPGQRVGLLGRTGSGKSTLLSAFLRLLNTEGEIQIDGVSWDSITLQQWRKAFGVIPQKVFIFSGTFRKNLDPYEQWSDQEIWKVADEVGLRSVIEQFPGKLDFVLVDGGCVLSHGHKQLMCLARSVLSKAKILLLDEPSAHLDPVTYQIIRRTLKQAFADCTVILCEHRIEAMLECQQFLVIEENKVRQYDSIQKLLNERSLFRQAISPSDRVKLFPHRNSSKCKSKPQIAALKEETEEEVQDTRL*|MQRSPLEKASVVSKLFFSWTRPILRKGYRQRLELSDIYQIPSVDSADNLSEKLEREWDRELASKKNPKLINALRRCFFWRFMFYGIFLYLGEVTKAVQPLLLGRIIASYDPDNKEERSIAIYLGIGLCLLFIVRTLLLHPAIFGLHHIGMQMRIAMFSLIYKKTLKLSSRVLDKISIGQLVSLLSNNLNKFDEGLALAHFVWIAPLQVALLMGLIWELLQASAFCGLGFLIVLALFQAGLGRMMMKYRDQRAGKISERLVITSEMIENIQSVKAYCWEEAMEKMIENLRQTELKLTRKAAYVRYFNSSAFFFSGFFVVFLSVLPYALIKGIILRKIFTTISFCIVLRMAVTRQFPWAVQTWYDSLGAINKIQDFLQKQEYKTLEYNLTTTEVVMENVTAFWEETSLLMVIMGELEPSEGKIKHSGRISFCSQFSWIMPGTIKENIIFGVSYDEYRYRSVIKACQLEEDISKFAEKDNIVLGEGGITLSGGQRARISLARAVYKDADLYLLDSPFGYLDVLTEKEIFESCVCKLMANKTRILVTSKMEHLKKADKILILHEGSSYFYGTFSELQNLQPDFSSKLMGCDSFDQFSAERRNSILTETLHRFSLEGDAPVSWTETKKQSFKQTGEFGEKRKNSILNPINSIRKFSIVQKTPLQMNGIEEDSDEPLERRLSLVPDSEQGEAILPRISVISTGPTLQARRRQSVLNLMTHSVNQGQNIHRKTTASTRKVSLAPQANLTELDIYSRRLSQETGLEISEEINEEDLKECFFDDMESIPAVTTWNTYLRYITVHKSLIFVLIWCLVIFLAEVAASLVVLWLLGNTPLQDKGNSTHSRNNSYAVIITMHQFVLCVLHLRGSSRHFACYGILQRSTTGAYSNHSVENFTPQNVTFCSSSTYVNPQHVESRWDS*
chr7:117603609:C/T:1	chr7	117603609	C|T	1	AC000061.1	ENSG00000083622	ENST00000456270	3downstream	None	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr7:117603609:C/T:1	chr7	117603609	C|T	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000003084	coding	2867	2735	912	S>L	nonsyn	None	MQRSPLEKASVVSKLFFSWTRPILRKGYRQRLELSDIYQIPSVDSADNLSEKLEREWDRELASKKNPKLINALRRCFFWRFMFYGIFLYLGEVTKAVQPLLLGRIIASYDPDNKEERSIAIYLGIGLCLLFIVRTLLLHPAIFGLHHIGMQMRIAMFSLIYKKTLKLSSRVLDKISIGQLVSLLSNNLNKFDEGLALAHFVWIAPLQVALLMGLIWELLQASAFCGLGFLIVLALFQAGLGRMMMKYRDQRAGKISERLVITSEMIENIQSVKAYCWEEAMEKMIENLRQTELKLTRKAAYVRYFNSSAFFFSGFFVVFLSVLPYALIKGIILRKIFTTISFCIVLRMAVTRQFPWAVQTWYDSLGAINKIQDFLQKQEYKTLEYNLTTTEVVMENVTAFWEEGFGELFEKAKQNNNNRKTSNGDDSLFFSNFSLLGTPVLKDINFKIERGQLLAVAGSTGAGKTSLLMVIMGELEPSEGKIKHSGRISFCSQFSWIMPGTIKENIIFGVSYDEYRYRSVIKACQLEEDISKFAEKDNIVLGEGGITLSGGQRARISLARAVYKDADLYLLDSPFGYLDVLTEKEIFESCVCKLMANKTRILVTSKMEHLKKADKILILHEGSSYFYGTFSELQNLQPDFSSKLMGCDSFDQFSAERRNSILTETLHRFSLEGDAPVSWTETKKQSFKQTGEFGEKRKNSILNPINSIRKFSIVQKTPLQMNGIEEDSDEPLERRLSLVPDSEQGEAILPRISVISTGPTLQARRRQSVLNLMTHSVNQGQNIHRKTTASTRKVSLAPQANLTELDIYSRRLSQETGLEISEEINEEDLKECFFDDMESIPAVTTWNTYLRYITVHKSLIFVLIWCLVIFLAEVAASLVVLWLLGNTPLQDKGNSTHSRNNSYAVIITSTSSYYVFYIYVGVADTLLAMGFFRGLPLVHTLITVSKILHHKMLHSVLQAPMSTLNTLKAGGILNRFSKDIAILDDLLPLTIFDFIQLLLIVIGAIAVVAVLQPYIFVATVPVIVAFIMLRAYFLQTSQQLKQLESEGRSPIFTHLVTSLKGLWTLRAFGRQPYFETLFHKALNLHTANWFLYLSTLRWFQMRIEMIFVIFFIAVTFISILTTGEGEGRVGIILTLAMNIMSTLQWAVNSSIDVDSLMRSVSRVFKFIDMPTEGKPTKSTKPYKNGQLSKVMIIENSHVKKDDIWPSGGQMTVKDLTAKYTEGGNAILENISFSISPGQRVGLLGRTGSGKSTLLSAFLRLLNTEGEIQIDGVSWDSITLQQWRKAFGVIPQKVFIFSGTFRKNLDPYEQWSDQEIWKVADEVGLRSVIEQFPGKLDFVLVDGGCVLSHGHKQLMCLARSVLSKAKILLLDEPSAHLDPVTYQIIRRTLKQAFADCTVILCEHRIEAMLECQQFLVIEENKVRQYDSIQKLLNERSLFRQAISPSDRVKLFPHRNSSKCKSKPQIAALKEETEEEVQDTRL*|MQRSPLEKASVVSKLFFSWTRPILRKGYRQRLELSDIYQIPSVDSADNLSEKLEREWDRELASKKNPKLINALRRCFFWRFMFYGIFLYLGEVTKAVQPLLLGRIIASYDPDNKEERSIAIYLGIGLCLLFIVRTLLLHPAIFGLHHIGMQMRIAMFSLIYKKTLKLSSRVLDKISIGQLVSLLSNNLNKFDEGLALAHFVWIAPLQVALLMGLIWELLQASAFCGLGFLIVLALFQAGLGRMMMKYRDQRAGKISERLVITSEMIENIQSVKAYCWEEAMEKMIENLRQTELKLTRKAAYVRYFNSSAFFFSGFFVVFLSVLPYALIKGIILRKIFTTISFCIVLRMAVTRQFPWAVQTWYDSLGAINKIQDFLQKQEYKTLEYNLTTTEVVMENVTAFWEEGFGELFEKAKQNNNNRKTSNGDDSLFFSNFSLLGTPVLKDINFKIERGQLLAVAGSTGAGKTSLLMVIMGELEPSEGKIKHSGRISFCSQFSWIMPGTIKENIIFGVSYDEYRYRSVIKACQLEEDISKFAEKDNIVLGEGGITLSGGQRARISLARAVYKDADLYLLDSPFGYLDVLTEKEIFESCVCKLMANKTRILVTSKMEHLKKADKILILHEGSSYFYGTFSELQNLQPDFSSKLMGCDSFDQFSAERRNSILTETLHRFSLEGDAPVSWTETKKQSFKQTGEFGEKRKNSILNPINSIRKFSIVQKTPLQMNGIEEDSDEPLERRLSLVPDSEQGEAILPRISVISTGPTLQARRRQSVLNLMTHSVNQGQNIHRKTTASTRKVSLAPQANLTELDIYSRRLSQETGLEISEEINEEDLKECFFDDMESIPAVTTWNTYLRYITVHKSLIFVLIWCLVIFLAEVAASLVVLWLLGNTPLQDKGNSTHSRNNSYAVIITSTSLYYVFYIYVGVADTLLAMGFFRGLPLVHTLITVSKILHHKMLHSVLQAPMSTLNTLKAGGILNRFSKDIAILDDLLPLTIFDFIQLLLIVIGAIAVVAVLQPYIFVATVPVIVAFIMLRAYFLQTSQQLKQLESEGRSPIFTHLVTSLKGLWTLRAFGRQPYFETLFHKALNLHTANWFLYLSTLRWFQMRIEMIFVIFFIAVTFISILTTGEGEGRVGIILTLAMNIMSTLQWAVNSSIDVDSLMRSVSRVFKFIDMPTEGKPTKSTKPYKNGQLSKVMIIENSHVKKDDIWPSGGQMTVKDLTAKYTEGGNAILENISFSISPGQRVGLLGRTGSGKSTLLSAFLRLLNTEGEIQIDGVSWDSITLQQWRKAFGVIPQKVFIFSGTFRKNLDPYEQWSDQEIWKVADEVGLRSVIEQFPGKLDFVLVDGGCVLSHGHKQLMCLARSVLSKAKILLLDEPSAHLDPVTYQIIRRTLKQAFADCTVILCEHRIEAMLECQQFLVIEENKVRQYDSIQKLLNERSLFRQAISPSDRVKLFPHRNSSKCKSKPQIAALKEETEEEVQDTRL*
chr7:117603609:C/T:1	chr7	117603609	C|T	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000426809	coding	2645	2645	882	S>L	*nonsyn	None	MQRSPLEKASVVSKLFFSWTRPILRKGYRQRLELSDIYQIPSVDSADNLSEKLEREWDRELASKKNPKLINALRRCFFWRFMFYGIFLYLGEVTKAVQPLLLGRIIASYDPDNKEERSIAIYLGIGLCLLFIVRTLLLHPAIFGLHHIGMQMRIAMFSLIYKKGLALAHFVWIAPLQVALLMGLIWELLQASAFCGLGFLIVLALFQAGLGRMMMKYRDQRAGKISERLVITSEMIENIQSVKAYCWEEAMEKMIENLRQTELKLTRKAAYVRYFNSSAFFFSGFFVVFLSVLPYALIKGIILRKIFTTISFCIVLRMAVTRQFPWAVQTWYDSLGAINKIQDFLQKQEYKTLEYNLTTTEVVMENVTAFWEEGFGELFEKAKQNNNNRKTSNGDDSLFFSNFSLLGTPVLKDINFKIERGQLLAVAGSTGAGKTSLLMVIMGELEPSEGKIKHSGRISFCSQFSWIMPGTIKENIIFGVSYDEYRYRSVIKACQLEEDISKFAEKDNIVLGEGGITLSGGQRARISLARAVYKDADLYLLDSPFGYLDVLTEKEIFESCVCKLMANKTRILVTSKMEHLKKADKILILHEGSSYFYGTFSELQNLQPDFSSKLMGCDSFDQFSAERRNSILTETLHRFSLEGDAPVSWTETKKQSFKQTGEFGEKRKNSILNPINSIRKFSIVQKTPLQMNGIEEDSDEPLERRLSLVPDSEQGEAILPRISVISTGPTLQARRRQSVLNLMTHSVNQGQNIHRKTTASTRKVSLAPQANLTELDIYSRRLSQETGLEISEEINEEDLKECFFDDMESIPAVTTWNTYLRYITVHKSLIFVLIWCLVIFLAEVAASLVVLWLLGNTPLQDKGNSTHSRNNSYAVIITSTSSYYVFYIYVGVADTLLAMGFFRGLPLVHTLITVSKILHHKMLHSVLQAPMSTLNTLKAGGILNRFSKDIAILDDLLPLTIFDFIQLLLIVIGAIAVVAVLQPYIFVATVPVIVAFIMLRAYFLQTSQQLKQLESEGRSPIFTHLVTSLKGLWTLRAFGRQPYFETLFHKALNLHTANWFLYLSTLRWFQMRIEMIFVIFFIAVTFISILTTGEGEGRVGIILTLAMNIMSTLQWAVNSSIDVDSLMRSVSRVFKFIDMPTEGKPTKSTKPYKNGQLSKVMIIENSHVKKDDIWPSGGQMTVKDLTAKYTEGGNAILENISFSISPGQRVGLLGRTGSGKSTLLSAFLRLLNTEGEIQIDGVSWDSITLQQWRKAFGVIPQKVFIFSGTFRKNLDPYEQWSDQEIWKVADEVGLRSVIEQFPGKLDFVLVDGGCVLSHGHKQLMCLARSVLSKAKILLLDEPSAHLDPVTYQIIRRTLKQAFADCTVILCEHRIEAMLECQQFLVIEENKVRQYDSIQKLLNERSLFRQAISPSDRVKLFPHRNSSKCKSKPQIAALK|MQRSPLEKASVVSKLFFSWTRPILRKGYRQRLELSDIYQIPSVDSADNLSEKLEREWDRELASKKNPKLINALRRCFFWRFMFYGIFLYLGEVTKAVQPLLLGRIIASYDPDNKEERSIAIYLGIGLCLLFIVRTLLLHPAIFGLHHIGMQMRIAMFSLIYKKGLALAHFVWIAPLQVALLMGLIWELLQASAFCGLGFLIVLALFQAGLGRMMMKYRDQRAGKISERLVITSEMIENIQSVKAYCWEEAMEKMIENLRQTELKLTRKAAYVRYFNSSAFFFSGFFVVFLSVLPYALIKGIILRKIFTTISFCIVLRMAVTRQFPWAVQTWYDSLGAINKIQDFLQKQEYKTLEYNLTTTEVVMENVTAFWEEGFGELFEKAKQNNNNRKTSNGDDSLFFSNFSLLGTPVLKDINFKIERGQLLAVAGSTGAGKTSLLMVIMGELEPSEGKIKHSGRISFCSQFSWIMPGTIKENIIFGVSYDEYRYRSVIKACQLEEDISKFAEKDNIVLGEGGITLSGGQRARISLARAVYKDADLYLLDSPFGYLDVLTEKEIFESCVCKLMANKTRILVTSKMEHLKKADKILILHEGSSYFYGTFSELQNLQPDFSSKLMGCDSFDQFSAERRNSILTETLHRFSLEGDAPVSWTETKKQSFKQTGEFGEKRKNSILNPINSIRKFSIVQKTPLQMNGIEEDSDEPLERRLSLVPDSEQGEAILPRISVISTGPTLQARRRQSVLNLMTHSVNQGQNIHRKTTASTRKVSLAPQANLTELDIYSRRLSQETGLEISEEINEEDLKECFFDDMESIPAVTTWNTYLRYITVHKSLIFVLIWCLVIFLAEVAASLVVLWLLGNTPLQDKGNSTHSRNNSYAVIITSTSLYYVFYIYVGVADTLLAMGFFRGLPLVHTLITVSKILHHKMLHSVLQAPMSTLNTLKAGGILNRFSKDIAILDDLLPLTIFDFIQLLLIVIGAIAVVAVLQPYIFVATVPVIVAFIMLRAYFLQTSQQLKQLESEGRSPIFTHLVTSLKGLWTLRAFGRQPYFETLFHKALNLHTANWFLYLSTLRWFQMRIEMIFVIFFIAVTFISILTTGEGEGRVGIILTLAMNIMSTLQWAVNSSIDVDSLMRSVSRVFKFIDMPTEGKPTKSTKPYKNGQLSKVMIIENSHVKKDDIWPSGGQMTVKDLTAKYTEGGNAILENISFSISPGQRVGLLGRTGSGKSTLLSAFLRLLNTEGEIQIDGVSWDSITLQQWRKAFGVIPQKVFIFSGTFRKNLDPYEQWSDQEIWKVADEVGLRSVIEQFPGKLDFVLVDGGCVLSHGHKQLMCLARSVLSKAKILLLDEPSAHLDPVTYQIIRRTLKQAFADCTVILCEHRIEAMLECQQFLVIEENKVRQYDSIQKLLNERSLFRQAISPSDRVKLFPHRNSSKCKSKPQIAALK
chr7:117603609:C/T:1	chr7	117603609	C|T	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000647720	coding	385	386	129	S>L	nonsyn	None	XRKTTASTRKVSLAPQANLTELDIYSRRLSQETGLEISEEINEEDLKECFFDDMESIPAVTTWNTYLRYITVHKSLIFVLIWCLVIFLAEVAASLVVLWLLGNTPLQDKGNSTHSRNNSYAVIITSTSSYYVFYIYVGVADTLLAMGFFRGLPLVHTLITVSKILHHKMLHSVLQAPMSTLNTLKAGGILNRFSKDIAILDDLLPLTIFDFIQLLLIVIGAIAVVAVLQPYIFVATVPVIVAFIMLRAYFLQTSQQLKQLESEGRSPIFTHLVTSLKGLWTLRAFGRQPYFETLFHKALNLHTANWFLYLSTLRWFQMRIEMIFVIFFIAVTFISILTTGEGEGRVGIILTLAMNIMSTLQWAVNSSIDVDSLMRSVSRVFKFIDMPTEGGPLGKNWIREEYFVISFFETTEH*|XRKTTASTRKVSLAPQANLTELDIYSRRLSQETGLEISEEINEEDLKECFFDDMESIPAVTTWNTYLRYITVHKSLIFVLIWCLVIFLAEVAASLVVLWLLGNTPLQDKGNSTHSRNNSYAVIITSTSLYYVFYIYVGVADTLLAMGFFRGLPLVHTLITVSKILHHKMLHSVLQAPMSTLNTLKAGGILNRFSKDIAILDDLLPLTIFDFIQLLLIVIGAIAVVAVLQPYIFVATVPVIVAFIMLRAYFLQTSQQLKQLESEGRSPIFTHLVTSLKGLWTLRAFGRQPYFETLFHKALNLHTANWFLYLSTLRWFQMRIEMIFVIFFIAVTFISILTTGEGEGRVGIILTLAMNIMSTLQWAVNSSIDVDSLMRSVSRVFKFIDMPTEGGPLGKNWIREEYFVISFFETTEH*
chr7:117603609:C/T:1	chr7	117603609	C|T	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000648260	coding	1601	1517	506	S>L	nonsyn	None	MQRSPLEKASVVSKLFFSWTRPILRKGYRQRLELSDIYQIPSVDSADNLSEKLEREWDRELASKKNPKLINALRRCFFWRFMFYGIFLYLGEVTKAVQPLLLGRIIASYDPDNKEERSIAIYLGIGLCLLFIVRTLLLHPAIFGLHHIGMQMRIAMFSLIYKKTLKLSSRVLDKISIGQLVSLLSNNLNKFDEGLALAHFVWIAPLQVALLMGLIWELLQASAFCGLGFLIVLALFQAGLGRMMMKYRDQRAGKISERLVITSEMIENIQSVKAYCWEEAMEKMIENLRQTELKLTRKAAYVRYFNSSAFFFSGFFVVFLSVLPYALIKGIILRKIFTTISFCIVLRMAVTRQFPWAVQTWYDSLGAINKIQDFLQKQEYKTLEYNLTTTEVVMENVTAFWEETSLLMVIMGELEPSEGKIKHSGRISFCSQFSWIMPGTIKENIIFGVSYDEYRYRSVIKACQLEEVAASLVVLWLLGNTPLQDKGNSTHSRNNSYAVIITSTSSYYVFYIYVGVADTLLAMGFFRGLPLVHTLITVSKILHHKMLHSVLQAPMSTLNTLKAGGILNRFSKDIAILDDLLPLTIFDFIQLLLIVIGAIAVVAVLQPYIFVATVPVIVAFIMLRAYFLQTSQQLKQLESEGRSPIFTHLVTSLKGLWTLRAFGRQPYFETLFHKALNLHTANWFLYLSTLRWFQMRIEMIFVIFFIAVTFISILTTGEGEGRVGIILTLAMNIMSTLQWAVNSSIDVDSLMRSVSRVFKFIDMPTEGKPTKSTKPYKNGQLSKVMIIENSHVKKDDIWPSGGQMTVKDLTAKYTEGGNAILENISFSISPGQRVRFEHCLLC*|MQRSPLEKASVVSKLFFSWTRPILRKGYRQRLELSDIYQIPSVDSADNLSEKLEREWDRELASKKNPKLINALRRCFFWRFMFYGIFLYLGEVTKAVQPLLLGRIIASYDPDNKEERSIAIYLGIGLCLLFIVRTLLLHPAIFGLHHIGMQMRIAMFSLIYKKTLKLSSRVLDKISIGQLVSLLSNNLNKFDEGLALAHFVWIAPLQVALLMGLIWELLQASAFCGLGFLIVLALFQAGLGRMMMKYRDQRAGKISERLVITSEMIENIQSVKAYCWEEAMEKMIENLRQTELKLTRKAAYVRYFNSSAFFFSGFFVVFLSVLPYALIKGIILRKIFTTISFCIVLRMAVTRQFPWAVQTWYDSLGAINKIQDFLQKQEYKTLEYNLTTTEVVMENVTAFWEETSLLMVIMGELEPSEGKIKHSGRISFCSQFSWIMPGTIKENIIFGVSYDEYRYRSVIKACQLEEVAASLVVLWLLGNTPLQDKGNSTHSRNNSYAVIITSTSLYYVFYIYVGVADTLLAMGFFRGLPLVHTLITVSKILHHKMLHSVLQAPMSTLNTLKAGGILNRFSKDIAILDDLLPLTIFDFIQLLLIVIGAIAVVAVLQPYIFVATVPVIVAFIMLRAYFLQTSQQLKQLESEGRSPIFTHLVTSLKGLWTLRAFGRQPYFETLFHKALNLHTANWFLYLSTLRWFQMRIEMIFVIFFIAVTFISILTTGEGEGRVGIILTLAMNIMSTLQWAVNSSIDVDSLMRSVSRVFKFIDMPTEGKPTKSTKPYKNGQLSKVMIIENSHVKKDDIWPSGGQMTVKDLTAKYTEGGNAILENISFSISPGQRVRFEHCLLC*
chr7:117603609:C/T:1	chr7	117603609	C|T	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000649406	coding	2636	2552	851	S>L	nonsyn	None	MQRSPLEKASVVSKLFFSWTRPILRKGYRQRLELSDIYQIPSVDSADNLSEKLEREWDRELASKKNPKLINALRRCFFWRFMFYGIFLYLGEVTKAVQPLLLGRIIASYDPDNKEERSIAIYLGIGLCLLFIVRTLLLHPAIFGLHHIGMQMRIAMFSLIYKKTLKLSSRVLDKISIGQLVSLLSNNLNKFDEGLALAHFVWIAPLQVALLMGLIWELLQASAFCGLGFLIVLALFQAGLGRMMMKYRDQRAGKISERLVITSEMIENIQSVKAYCWEEAMEKMIENLRQTELKLTRKAAYVRYFNSSAFFFSGFFVVFLSVLPYALIKGIILRKIFTTISFCIVLRMAVTRQFPWAVQTWYDSLGAINKIQDFLQKQEYKTLEYNLTTTEVVMENVTAFWEETSLLMVIMGELEPSEGKIKHSGRISFCSQFSWIMPGTIKENIIFGVSYDEYRYRSVIKACQLEEDISKFAEKDNIVLGEGGITLSGGQRARISLARAVYKDADLYLLDSPFGYLDVLTEKEIFESCVCKLMANKTRILVTSKMEHLKKADKILILHEGSSYFYGTFSELQNLQPDFSSKLMGCDSFDQFSAERRNSILTETLHRFSLEGDAPVSWTETKKQSFKQTGEFGEKRKNSILNPINSIRKFSIVQKTPLQMNGIEEDSDEPLERRLSLVPDSEQGEAILPRISVISTGPTLQARRRQSVLNLMTHSVNQGQNIHRKTTASTRKVSLAPQANLTELDIYSRRLSQETGLEISEEINEEDLKECFFDDMESIPAVTTWNTYLRYITVHKSLIFVLIWCLVIFLAEVAASLVVLWLLGNTPLQDKGNSTHSRNNSYAVIITSTSSYYVFYIYVGVADTLLAMGFFRGLPLVHTLITVSKILHHKMLHSVLQAPMSTLNTLKAGGILNRFSKDIAILDDLLPLTIFDFIQLLLIVIGAIAVVAVLQPYIFVATVPVIVAFIMLRAYFLQTSQQLKQLESEGRSPIFTHLVTSLKGLWTLRAFGRQPYFETLFHKALNLHTANWFLYLSTLRWFQMRIEMIFVIFFIAVTFISILTTGEGEGRVGIILTLAMNIMSTLQWAVNSSIDVDSLMRSVSRVFKFIDMPTEGKPTKSTKPYKNGQLSKVMIIENSHVKKDDIWPSGGQMTVKDLTAKYTEGGNAILENISFSISPGQRVRFEHCLLC*|MQRSPLEKASVVSKLFFSWTRPILRKGYRQRLELSDIYQIPSVDSADNLSEKLEREWDRELASKKNPKLINALRRCFFWRFMFYGIFLYLGEVTKAVQPLLLGRIIASYDPDNKEERSIAIYLGIGLCLLFIVRTLLLHPAIFGLHHIGMQMRIAMFSLIYKKTLKLSSRVLDKISIGQLVSLLSNNLNKFDEGLALAHFVWIAPLQVALLMGLIWELLQASAFCGLGFLIVLALFQAGLGRMMMKYRDQRAGKISERLVITSEMIENIQSVKAYCWEEAMEKMIENLRQTELKLTRKAAYVRYFNSSAFFFSGFFVVFLSVLPYALIKGIILRKIFTTISFCIVLRMAVTRQFPWAVQTWYDSLGAINKIQDFLQKQEYKTLEYNLTTTEVVMENVTAFWEETSLLMVIMGELEPSEGKIKHSGRISFCSQFSWIMPGTIKENIIFGVSYDEYRYRSVIKACQLEEDISKFAEKDNIVLGEGGITLSGGQRARISLARAVYKDADLYLLDSPFGYLDVLTEKEIFESCVCKLMANKTRILVTSKMEHLKKADKILILHEGSSYFYGTFSELQNLQPDFSSKLMGCDSFDQFSAERRNSILTETLHRFSLEGDAPVSWTETKKQSFKQTGEFGEKRKNSILNPINSIRKFSIVQKTPLQMNGIEEDSDEPLERRLSLVPDSEQGEAILPRISVISTGPTLQARRRQSVLNLMTHSVNQGQNIHRKTTASTRKVSLAPQANLTELDIYSRRLSQETGLEISEEINEEDLKECFFDDMESIPAVTTWNTYLRYITVHKSLIFVLIWCLVIFLAEVAASLVVLWLLGNTPLQDKGNSTHSRNNSYAVIITSTSLYYVFYIYVGVADTLLAMGFFRGLPLVHTLITVSKILHHKMLHSVLQAPMSTLNTLKAGGILNRFSKDIAILDDLLPLTIFDFIQLLLIVIGAIAVVAVLQPYIFVATVPVIVAFIMLRAYFLQTSQQLKQLESEGRSPIFTHLVTSLKGLWTLRAFGRQPYFETLFHKALNLHTANWFLYLSTLRWFQMRIEMIFVIFFIAVTFISILTTGEGEGRVGIILTLAMNIMSTLQWAVNSSIDVDSLMRSVSRVFKFIDMPTEGKPTKSTKPYKNGQLSKVMIIENSHVKKDDIWPSGGQMTVKDLTAKYTEGGNAILENISFSISPGQRVRFEHCLLC*
chr7:117603609:C/T:1	chr7	117603609	C|T	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000649781	coding	2552	2552	851	S>L	nonsyn	None	MQRSPLEKASVVSKLFFSWTRPILRKGYRQRLELSDIYQIPSVDSADNLSEKLEREWDRELASKKNPKLINALRRCFFWRFMFYGIFLYLGEVTKAVQPLLLGRIIASYDPDNKEERSIAIYLGIGLCLLFIVRTLLLHPAIFGLHHIGMQMRIAMFSLIYKKTLKLSSRVLDKISIGQLVSLLSNNLNKFDEGLALAHFVWIAPLQVALLMGLIWELLQASAFCGLGFLIVLALFQAGLGRMMMKYRDQRAGKISERLVITSEMIENIQSVKAYCWEEAMEKMIENLRQTELKLTRKAAYVRYFNSSAFFFSGFFVVFLSVLPYALIKGIILRKIFTTISFCIVLRMAVTRQFPWAVQTWYDSLGAINKIQDFLQKQEYKTLEYNLTTTEVVMENVTAFWEETSLLMVIMGELEPSEGKIKHSGRISFCSQFSWIMPGTIKENIIFGVSYDEYRYRSVIKACQLEEDISKFAEKDNIVLGEGGITLSGGQRARISLARAVYKDADLYLLDSPFGYLDVLTEKEIFESCVCKLMANKTRILVTSKMEHLKKADKILILHEGSSYFYGTFSELQNLQPDFSSKLMGCDSFDQFSAERRNSILTETLHRFSLEGDAPVSWTETKKQSFKQTGEFGEKRKNSILNPINSIRKFSIVQKTPLQMNGIEEDSDEPLERRLSLVPDSEQGEAILPRISVISTGPTLQARRRQSVLNLMTHSVNQGQNIHRKTTASTRKVSLAPQANLTELDIYSRRLSQETGLEISEEINEEDLKECFFDDMESIPAVTTWNTYLRYITVHKSLIFVLIWCLVIFLAEVAASLVVLWLLGNTPLQDKGNSTHSRNNSYAVIITSTSSYYVFYIYVGVADTLLAMGFFRGLPLVHTLITVSKILHHKMLHSVLQAPMSTLNTLKAGGILNRFSKDIAILDDLLPLTIFDFIQLLLIVIGAIAVVAVLQPYIFVATVPVIVAFIMLRAYFLQTSQQLKQLESEGRSPIFTHLVTSLKGLWTLRAFGRQPYFETLFHKALNLHTANWFLYLSTLRWFQMRIEMIFVIFFIAVTFISILTTGEGEGRVGIILTLAMNIMSTLQWAVNSSIDVDSLMRSVSRVFKFIDMPTEGKPTKSTKPYKNGQLSKVMIIENSHVKKDDIWPSGGQMTVKDLTAKYTEGGNAILENISFSISPGQRVGLLGRTGSGKSTLLSAFLRLLNTEGEIQIDGVSWDSITLQQWRKAFGVIPQKVFIFSGTFRKNLDPYEQWSDQEIWKVADEVGLRSVIEQFPGKLDFVLVDGGCVLSHGHKQLMCLARSVLSKAKILLLDEPSAHLDPVTYQIIRRTLKQAFADCTVILCEHRIEAMLECQQFLVIEENKVRQYDSIQKLLNERSLFRQAISPSDRVKLFPHRNSSKCKSKPQIAALKEETEEEVQDTRL*|MQRSPLEKASVVSKLFFSWTRPILRKGYRQRLELSDIYQIPSVDSADNLSEKLEREWDRELASKKNPKLINALRRCFFWRFMFYGIFLYLGEVTKAVQPLLLGRIIASYDPDNKEERSIAIYLGIGLCLLFIVRTLLLHPAIFGLHHIGMQMRIAMFSLIYKKTLKLSSRVLDKISIGQLVSLLSNNLNKFDEGLALAHFVWIAPLQVALLMGLIWELLQASAFCGLGFLIVLALFQAGLGRMMMKYRDQRAGKISERLVITSEMIENIQSVKAYCWEEAMEKMIENLRQTELKLTRKAAYVRYFNSSAFFFSGFFVVFLSVLPYALIKGIILRKIFTTISFCIVLRMAVTRQFPWAVQTWYDSLGAINKIQDFLQKQEYKTLEYNLTTTEVVMENVTAFWEETSLLMVIMGELEPSEGKIKHSGRISFCSQFSWIMPGTIKENIIFGVSYDEYRYRSVIKACQLEEDISKFAEKDNIVLGEGGITLSGGQRARISLARAVYKDADLYLLDSPFGYLDVLTEKEIFESCVCKLMANKTRILVTSKMEHLKKADKILILHEGSSYFYGTFSELQNLQPDFSSKLMGCDSFDQFSAERRNSILTETLHRFSLEGDAPVSWTETKKQSFKQTGEFGEKRKNSILNPINSIRKFSIVQKTPLQMNGIEEDSDEPLERRLSLVPDSEQGEAILPRISVISTGPTLQARRRQSVLNLMTHSVNQGQNIHRKTTASTRKVSLAPQANLTELDIYSRRLSQETGLEISEEINEEDLKECFFDDMESIPAVTTWNTYLRYITVHKSLIFVLIWCLVIFLAEVAASLVVLWLLGNTPLQDKGNSTHSRNNSYAVIITSTSLYYVFYIYVGVADTLLAMGFFRGLPLVHTLITVSKILHHKMLHSVLQAPMSTLNTLKAGGILNRFSKDIAILDDLLPLTIFDFIQLLLIVIGAIAVVAVLQPYIFVATVPVIVAFIMLRAYFLQTSQQLKQLESEGRSPIFTHLVTSLKGLWTLRAFGRQPYFETLFHKALNLHTANWFLYLSTLRWFQMRIEMIFVIFFIAVTFISILTTGEGEGRVGIILTLAMNIMSTLQWAVNSSIDVDSLMRSVSRVFKFIDMPTEGKPTKSTKPYKNGQLSKVMIIENSHVKKDDIWPSGGQMTVKDLTAKYTEGGNAILENISFSISPGQRVGLLGRTGSGKSTLLSAFLRLLNTEGEIQIDGVSWDSITLQQWRKAFGVIPQKVFIFSGTFRKNLDPYEQWSDQEIWKVADEVGLRSVIEQFPGKLDFVLVDGGCVLSHGHKQLMCLARSVLSKAKILLLDEPSAHLDPVTYQIIRRTLKQAFADCTVILCEHRIEAMLECQQFLVIEENKVRQYDSIQKLLNERSLFRQAISPSDRVKLFPHRNSSKCKSKPQIAALKEETEEEVQDTRL*
chr7:117603748:A/G:1	chr7	117603748	A|G	1	AC000061.1	ENSG00000083622	ENST00000456270	3downstream	None	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr7:117603748:A/G:1	chr7	117603748	A|G	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000003084	coding	3006	2874	958	Q>Q	syn	None	MQRSPLEKASVVSKLFFSWTRPILRKGYRQRLELSDIYQIPSVDSADNLSEKLEREWDRELASKKNPKLINALRRCFFWRFMFYGIFLYLGEVTKAVQPLLLGRIIASYDPDNKEERSIAIYLGIGLCLLFIVRTLLLHPAIFGLHHIGMQMRIAMFSLIYKKTLKLSSRVLDKISIGQLVSLLSNNLNKFDEGLALAHFVWIAPLQVALLMGLIWELLQASAFCGLGFLIVLALFQAGLGRMMMKYRDQRAGKISERLVITSEMIENIQSVKAYCWEEAMEKMIENLRQTELKLTRKAAYVRYFNSSAFFFSGFFVVFLSVLPYALIKGIILRKIFTTISFCIVLRMAVTRQFPWAVQTWYDSLGAINKIQDFLQKQEYKTLEYNLTTTEVVMENVTAFWEEGFGELFEKAKQNNNNRKTSNGDDSLFFSNFSLLGTPVLKDINFKIERGQLLAVAGSTGAGKTSLLMVIMGELEPSEGKIKHSGRISFCSQFSWIMPGTIKENIIFGVSYDEYRYRSVIKACQLEEDISKFAEKDNIVLGEGGITLSGGQRARISLARAVYKDADLYLLDSPFGYLDVLTEKEIFESCVCKLMANKTRILVTSKMEHLKKADKILILHEGSSYFYGTFSELQNLQPDFSSKLMGCDSFDQFSAERRNSILTETLHRFSLEGDAPVSWTETKKQSFKQTGEFGEKRKNSILNPINSIRKFSIVQKTPLQMNGIEEDSDEPLERRLSLVPDSEQGEAILPRISVISTGPTLQARRRQSVLNLMTHSVNQGQNIHRKTTASTRKVSLAPQANLTELDIYSRRLSQETGLEISEEINEEDLKECFFDDMESIPAVTTWNTYLRYITVHKSLIFVLIWCLVIFLAEVAASLVVLWLLGNTPLQDKGNSTHSRNNSYAVIITSTSSYYVFYIYVGVADTLLAMGFFRGLPLVHTLITVSKILHHKMLHSVLQAPMSTLNTLKAGGILNRFSKDIAILDDLLPLTIFDFIQLLLIVIGAIAVVAVLQPYIFVATVPVIVAFIMLRAYFLQTSQQLKQLESEGRSPIFTHLVTSLKGLWTLRAFGRQPYFETLFHKALNLHTANWFLYLSTLRWFQMRIEMIFVIFFIAVTFISILTTGEGEGRVGIILTLAMNIMSTLQWAVNSSIDVDSLMRSVSRVFKFIDMPTEGKPTKSTKPYKNGQLSKVMIIENSHVKKDDIWPSGGQMTVKDLTAKYTEGGNAILENISFSISPGQRVGLLGRTGSGKSTLLSAFLRLLNTEGEIQIDGVSWDSITLQQWRKAFGVIPQKVFIFSGTFRKNLDPYEQWSDQEIWKVADEVGLRSVIEQFPGKLDFVLVDGGCVLSHGHKQLMCLARSVLSKAKILLLDEPSAHLDPVTYQIIRRTLKQAFADCTVILCEHRIEAMLECQQFLVIEENKVRQYDSIQKLLNERSLFRQAISPSDRVKLFPHRNSSKCKSKPQIAALKEETEEEVQDTRL*
chr7:117603748:A/G:1	chr7	117603748	A|G	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000426809	coding	2784	2784	928	Q>Q	*syn	None	MQRSPLEKASVVSKLFFSWTRPILRKGYRQRLELSDIYQIPSVDSADNLSEKLEREWDRELASKKNPKLINALRRCFFWRFMFYGIFLYLGEVTKAVQPLLLGRIIASYDPDNKEERSIAIYLGIGLCLLFIVRTLLLHPAIFGLHHIGMQMRIAMFSLIYKKGLALAHFVWIAPLQVALLMGLIWELLQASAFCGLGFLIVLALFQAGLGRMMMKYRDQRAGKISERLVITSEMIENIQSVKAYCWEEAMEKMIENLRQTELKLTRKAAYVRYFNSSAFFFSGFFVVFLSVLPYALIKGIILRKIFTTISFCIVLRMAVTRQFPWAVQTWYDSLGAINKIQDFLQKQEYKTLEYNLTTTEVVMENVTAFWEEGFGELFEKAKQNNNNRKTSNGDDSLFFSNFSLLGTPVLKDINFKIERGQLLAVAGSTGAGKTSLLMVIMGELEPSEGKIKHSGRISFCSQFSWIMPGTIKENIIFGVSYDEYRYRSVIKACQLEEDISKFAEKDNIVLGEGGITLSGGQRARISLARAVYKDADLYLLDSPFGYLDVLTEKEIFESCVCKLMANKTRILVTSKMEHLKKADKILILHEGSSYFYGTFSELQNLQPDFSSKLMGCDSFDQFSAERRNSILTETLHRFSLEGDAPVSWTETKKQSFKQTGEFGEKRKNSILNPINSIRKFSIVQKTPLQMNGIEEDSDEPLERRLSLVPDSEQGEAILPRISVISTGPTLQARRRQSVLNLMTHSVNQGQNIHRKTTASTRKVSLAPQANLTELDIYSRRLSQETGLEISEEINEEDLKECFFDDMESIPAVTTWNTYLRYITVHKSLIFVLIWCLVIFLAEVAASLVVLWLLGNTPLQDKGNSTHSRNNSYAVIITSTSSYYVFYIYVGVADTLLAMGFFRGLPLVHTLITVSKILHHKMLHSVLQAPMSTLNTLKAGGILNRFSKDIAILDDLLPLTIFDFIQLLLIVIGAIAVVAVLQPYIFVATVPVIVAFIMLRAYFLQTSQQLKQLESEGRSPIFTHLVTSLKGLWTLRAFGRQPYFETLFHKALNLHTANWFLYLSTLRWFQMRIEMIFVIFFIAVTFISILTTGEGEGRVGIILTLAMNIMSTLQWAVNSSIDVDSLMRSVSRVFKFIDMPTEGKPTKSTKPYKNGQLSKVMIIENSHVKKDDIWPSGGQMTVKDLTAKYTEGGNAILENISFSISPGQRVGLLGRTGSGKSTLLSAFLRLLNTEGEIQIDGVSWDSITLQQWRKAFGVIPQKVFIFSGTFRKNLDPYEQWSDQEIWKVADEVGLRSVIEQFPGKLDFVLVDGGCVLSHGHKQLMCLARSVLSKAKILLLDEPSAHLDPVTYQIIRRTLKQAFADCTVILCEHRIEAMLECQQFLVIEENKVRQYDSIQKLLNERSLFRQAISPSDRVKLFPHRNSSKCKSKPQIAALK
chr7:117603748:A/G:1	chr7	117603748	A|G	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000647720	coding	524	525	175	Q>Q	syn	None	XRKTTASTRKVSLAPQANLTELDIYSRRLSQETGLEISEEINEEDLKECFFDDMESIPAVTTWNTYLRYITVHKSLIFVLIWCLVIFLAEVAASLVVLWLLGNTPLQDKGNSTHSRNNSYAVIITSTSSYYVFYIYVGVADTLLAMGFFRGLPLVHTLITVSKILHHKMLHSVLQAPMSTLNTLKAGGILNRFSKDIAILDDLLPLTIFDFIQLLLIVIGAIAVVAVLQPYIFVATVPVIVAFIMLRAYFLQTSQQLKQLESEGRSPIFTHLVTSLKGLWTLRAFGRQPYFETLFHKALNLHTANWFLYLSTLRWFQMRIEMIFVIFFIAVTFISILTTGEGEGRVGIILTLAMNIMSTLQWAVNSSIDVDSLMRSVSRVFKFIDMPTEGGPLGKNWIREEYFVISFFETTEH*
chr7:117603748:A/G:1	chr7	117603748	A|G	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000648260	coding	1740	1656	552	Q>Q	syn	None	MQRSPLEKASVVSKLFFSWTRPILRKGYRQRLELSDIYQIPSVDSADNLSEKLEREWDRELASKKNPKLINALRRCFFWRFMFYGIFLYLGEVTKAVQPLLLGRIIASYDPDNKEERSIAIYLGIGLCLLFIVRTLLLHPAIFGLHHIGMQMRIAMFSLIYKKTLKLSSRVLDKISIGQLVSLLSNNLNKFDEGLALAHFVWIAPLQVALLMGLIWELLQASAFCGLGFLIVLALFQAGLGRMMMKYRDQRAGKISERLVITSEMIENIQSVKAYCWEEAMEKMIENLRQTELKLTRKAAYVRYFNSSAFFFSGFFVVFLSVLPYALIKGIILRKIFTTISFCIVLRMAVTRQFPWAVQTWYDSLGAINKIQDFLQKQEYKTLEYNLTTTEVVMENVTAFWEETSLLMVIMGELEPSEGKIKHSGRISFCSQFSWIMPGTIKENIIFGVSYDEYRYRSVIKACQLEEVAASLVVLWLLGNTPLQDKGNSTHSRNNSYAVIITSTSSYYVFYIYVGVADTLLAMGFFRGLPLVHTLITVSKILHHKMLHSVLQAPMSTLNTLKAGGILNRFSKDIAILDDLLPLTIFDFIQLLLIVIGAIAVVAVLQPYIFVATVPVIVAFIMLRAYFLQTSQQLKQLESEGRSPIFTHLVTSLKGLWTLRAFGRQPYFETLFHKALNLHTANWFLYLSTLRWFQMRIEMIFVIFFIAVTFISILTTGEGEGRVGIILTLAMNIMSTLQWAVNSSIDVDSLMRSVSRVFKFIDMPTEGKPTKSTKPYKNGQLSKVMIIENSHVKKDDIWPSGGQMTVKDLTAKYTEGGNAILENISFSISPGQRVRFEHCLLC*
chr7:117603748:A/G:1	chr7	117603748	A|G	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000649406	coding	2775	2691	897	Q>Q	syn	None	MQRSPLEKASVVSKLFFSWTRPILRKGYRQRLELSDIYQIPSVDSADNLSEKLEREWDRELASKKNPKLINALRRCFFWRFMFYGIFLYLGEVTKAVQPLLLGRIIASYDPDNKEERSIAIYLGIGLCLLFIVRTLLLHPAIFGLHHIGMQMRIAMFSLIYKKTLKLSSRVLDKISIGQLVSLLSNNLNKFDEGLALAHFVWIAPLQVALLMGLIWELLQASAFCGLGFLIVLALFQAGLGRMMMKYRDQRAGKISERLVITSEMIENIQSVKAYCWEEAMEKMIENLRQTELKLTRKAAYVRYFNSSAFFFSGFFVVFLSVLPYALIKGIILRKIFTTISFCIVLRMAVTRQFPWAVQTWYDSLGAINKIQDFLQKQEYKTLEYNLTTTEVVMENVTAFWEETSLLMVIMGELEPSEGKIKHSGRISFCSQFSWIMPGTIKENIIFGVSYDEYRYRSVIKACQLEEDISKFAEKDNIVLGEGGITLSGGQRARISLARAVYKDADLYLLDSPFGYLDVLTEKEIFESCVCKLMANKTRILVTSKMEHLKKADKILILHEGSSYFYGTFSELQNLQPDFSSKLMGCDSFDQFSAERRNSILTETLHRFSLEGDAPVSWTETKKQSFKQTGEFGEKRKNSILNPINSIRKFSIVQKTPLQMNGIEEDSDEPLERRLSLVPDSEQGEAILPRISVISTGPTLQARRRQSVLNLMTHSVNQGQNIHRKTTASTRKVSLAPQANLTELDIYSRRLSQETGLEISEEINEEDLKECFFDDMESIPAVTTWNTYLRYITVHKSLIFVLIWCLVIFLAEVAASLVVLWLLGNTPLQDKGNSTHSRNNSYAVIITSTSSYYVFYIYVGVADTLLAMGFFRGLPLVHTLITVSKILHHKMLHSVLQAPMSTLNTLKAGGILNRFSKDIAILDDLLPLTIFDFIQLLLIVIGAIAVVAVLQPYIFVATVPVIVAFIMLRAYFLQTSQQLKQLESEGRSPIFTHLVTSLKGLWTLRAFGRQPYFETLFHKALNLHTANWFLYLSTLRWFQMRIEMIFVIFFIAVTFISILTTGEGEGRVGIILTLAMNIMSTLQWAVNSSIDVDSLMRSVSRVFKFIDMPTEGKPTKSTKPYKNGQLSKVMIIENSHVKKDDIWPSGGQMTVKDLTAKYTEGGNAILENISFSISPGQRVRFEHCLLC*
chr7:117603748:A/G:1	chr7	117603748	A|G	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000649781	coding	2691	2691	897	Q>Q	syn	None	MQRSPLEKASVVSKLFFSWTRPILRKGYRQRLELSDIYQIPSVDSADNLSEKLEREWDRELASKKNPKLINALRRCFFWRFMFYGIFLYLGEVTKAVQPLLLGRIIASYDPDNKEERSIAIYLGIGLCLLFIVRTLLLHPAIFGLHHIGMQMRIAMFSLIYKKTLKLSSRVLDKISIGQLVSLLSNNLNKFDEGLALAHFVWIAPLQVALLMGLIWELLQASAFCGLGFLIVLALFQAGLGRMMMKYRDQRAGKISERLVITSEMIENIQSVKAYCWEEAMEKMIENLRQTELKLTRKAAYVRYFNSSAFFFSGFFVVFLSVLPYALIKGIILRKIFTTISFCIVLRMAVTRQFPWAVQTWYDSLGAINKIQDFLQKQEYKTLEYNLTTTEVVMENVTAFWEETSLLMVIMGELEPSEGKIKHSGRISFCSQFSWIMPGTIKENIIFGVSYDEYRYRSVIKACQLEEDISKFAEKDNIVLGEGGITLSGGQRARISLARAVYKDADLYLLDSPFGYLDVLTEKEIFESCVCKLMANKTRILVTSKMEHLKKADKILILHEGSSYFYGTFSELQNLQPDFSSKLMGCDSFDQFSAERRNSILTETLHRFSLEGDAPVSWTETKKQSFKQTGEFGEKRKNSILNPINSIRKFSIVQKTPLQMNGIEEDSDEPLERRLSLVPDSEQGEAILPRISVISTGPTLQARRRQSVLNLMTHSVNQGQNIHRKTTASTRKVSLAPQANLTELDIYSRRLSQETGLEISEEINEEDLKECFFDDMESIPAVTTWNTYLRYITVHKSLIFVLIWCLVIFLAEVAASLVVLWLLGNTPLQDKGNSTHSRNNSYAVIITSTSSYYVFYIYVGVADTLLAMGFFRGLPLVHTLITVSKILHHKMLHSVLQAPMSTLNTLKAGGILNRFSKDIAILDDLLPLTIFDFIQLLLIVIGAIAVVAVLQPYIFVATVPVIVAFIMLRAYFLQTSQQLKQLESEGRSPIFTHLVTSLKGLWTLRAFGRQPYFETLFHKALNLHTANWFLYLSTLRWFQMRIEMIFVIFFIAVTFISILTTGEGEGRVGIILTLAMNIMSTLQWAVNSSIDVDSLMRSVSRVFKFIDMPTEGKPTKSTKPYKNGQLSKVMIIENSHVKKDDIWPSGGQMTVKDLTAKYTEGGNAILENISFSISPGQRVGLLGRTGSGKSTLLSAFLRLLNTEGEIQIDGVSWDSITLQQWRKAFGVIPQKVFIFSGTFRKNLDPYEQWSDQEIWKVADEVGLRSVIEQFPGKLDFVLVDGGCVLSHGHKQLMCLARSVLSKAKILLLDEPSAHLDPVTYQIIRRTLKQAFADCTVILCEHRIEAMLECQQFLVIEENKVRQYDSIQKLLNERSLFRQAISPSDRVKLFPHRNSSKCKSKPQIAALKEETEEEVQDTRL*
chr7:117603752:C/A:1	chr7	117603752	C|A	1	AC000061.1	ENSG00000083622	ENST00000456270	3downstream	None	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr7:117603752:C/A:1	chr7	117603752	C|A	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000003084	coding	3010	2878	960	P>T	nonsyn	None	MQRSPLEKASVVSKLFFSWTRPILRKGYRQRLELSDIYQIPSVDSADNLSEKLEREWDRELASKKNPKLINALRRCFFWRFMFYGIFLYLGEVTKAVQPLLLGRIIASYDPDNKEERSIAIYLGIGLCLLFIVRTLLLHPAIFGLHHIGMQMRIAMFSLIYKKTLKLSSRVLDKISIGQLVSLLSNNLNKFDEGLALAHFVWIAPLQVALLMGLIWELLQASAFCGLGFLIVLALFQAGLGRMMMKYRDQRAGKISERLVITSEMIENIQSVKAYCWEEAMEKMIENLRQTELKLTRKAAYVRYFNSSAFFFSGFFVVFLSVLPYALIKGIILRKIFTTISFCIVLRMAVTRQFPWAVQTWYDSLGAINKIQDFLQKQEYKTLEYNLTTTEVVMENVTAFWEEGFGELFEKAKQNNNNRKTSNGDDSLFFSNFSLLGTPVLKDINFKIERGQLLAVAGSTGAGKTSLLMVIMGELEPSEGKIKHSGRISFCSQFSWIMPGTIKENIIFGVSYDEYRYRSVIKACQLEEDISKFAEKDNIVLGEGGITLSGGQRARISLARAVYKDADLYLLDSPFGYLDVLTEKEIFESCVCKLMANKTRILVTSKMEHLKKADKILILHEGSSYFYGTFSELQNLQPDFSSKLMGCDSFDQFSAERRNSILTETLHRFSLEGDAPVSWTETKKQSFKQTGEFGEKRKNSILNPINSIRKFSIVQKTPLQMNGIEEDSDEPLERRLSLVPDSEQGEAILPRISVISTGPTLQARRRQSVLNLMTHSVNQGQNIHRKTTASTRKVSLAPQANLTELDIYSRRLSQETGLEISEEINEEDLKECFFDDMESIPAVTTWNTYLRYITVHKSLIFVLIWCLVIFLAEVAASLVVLWLLGNTPLQDKGNSTHSRNNSYAVIITSTSSYYVFYIYVGVADTLLAMGFFRGLPLVHTLITVSKILHHKMLHSVLQAPMSTLNTLKAGGILNRFSKDIAILDDLLPLTIFDFIQLLLIVIGAIAVVAVLQPYIFVATVPVIVAFIMLRAYFLQTSQQLKQLESEGRSPIFTHLVTSLKGLWTLRAFGRQPYFETLFHKALNLHTANWFLYLSTLRWFQMRIEMIFVIFFIAVTFISILTTGEGEGRVGIILTLAMNIMSTLQWAVNSSIDVDSLMRSVSRVFKFIDMPTEGKPTKSTKPYKNGQLSKVMIIENSHVKKDDIWPSGGQMTVKDLTAKYTEGGNAILENISFSISPGQRVGLLGRTGSGKSTLLSAFLRLLNTEGEIQIDGVSWDSITLQQWRKAFGVIPQKVFIFSGTFRKNLDPYEQWSDQEIWKVADEVGLRSVIEQFPGKLDFVLVDGGCVLSHGHKQLMCLARSVLSKAKILLLDEPSAHLDPVTYQIIRRTLKQAFADCTVILCEHRIEAMLECQQFLVIEENKVRQYDSIQKLLNERSLFRQAISPSDRVKLFPHRNSSKCKSKPQIAALKEETEEEVQDTRL*|MQRSPLEKASVVSKLFFSWTRPILRKGYRQRLELSDIYQIPSVDSADNLSEKLEREWDRELASKKNPKLINALRRCFFWRFMFYGIFLYLGEVTKAVQPLLLGRIIASYDPDNKEERSIAIYLGIGLCLLFIVRTLLLHPAIFGLHHIGMQMRIAMFSLIYKKTLKLSSRVLDKISIGQLVSLLSNNLNKFDEGLALAHFVWIAPLQVALLMGLIWELLQASAFCGLGFLIVLALFQAGLGRMMMKYRDQRAGKISERLVITSEMIENIQSVKAYCWEEAMEKMIENLRQTELKLTRKAAYVRYFNSSAFFFSGFFVVFLSVLPYALIKGIILRKIFTTISFCIVLRMAVTRQFPWAVQTWYDSLGAINKIQDFLQKQEYKTLEYNLTTTEVVMENVTAFWEEGFGELFEKAKQNNNNRKTSNGDDSLFFSNFSLLGTPVLKDINFKIERGQLLAVAGSTGAGKTSLLMVIMGELEPSEGKIKHSGRISFCSQFSWIMPGTIKENIIFGVSYDEYRYRSVIKACQLEEDISKFAEKDNIVLGEGGITLSGGQRARISLARAVYKDADLYLLDSPFGYLDVLTEKEIFESCVCKLMANKTRILVTSKMEHLKKADKILILHEGSSYFYGTFSELQNLQPDFSSKLMGCDSFDQFSAERRNSILTETLHRFSLEGDAPVSWTETKKQSFKQTGEFGEKRKNSILNPINSIRKFSIVQKTPLQMNGIEEDSDEPLERRLSLVPDSEQGEAILPRISVISTGPTLQARRRQSVLNLMTHSVNQGQNIHRKTTASTRKVSLAPQANLTELDIYSRRLSQETGLEISEEINEEDLKECFFDDMESIPAVTTWNTYLRYITVHKSLIFVLIWCLVIFLAEVAASLVVLWLLGNTPLQDKGNSTHSRNNSYAVIITSTSSYYVFYIYVGVADTLLAMGFFRGLPLVHTLITVSKILHHKMLHSVLQATMSTLNTLKAGGILNRFSKDIAILDDLLPLTIFDFIQLLLIVIGAIAVVAVLQPYIFVATVPVIVAFIMLRAYFLQTSQQLKQLESEGRSPIFTHLVTSLKGLWTLRAFGRQPYFETLFHKALNLHTANWFLYLSTLRWFQMRIEMIFVIFFIAVTFISILTTGEGEGRVGIILTLAMNIMSTLQWAVNSSIDVDSLMRSVSRVFKFIDMPTEGKPTKSTKPYKNGQLSKVMIIENSHVKKDDIWPSGGQMTVKDLTAKYTEGGNAILENISFSISPGQRVGLLGRTGSGKSTLLSAFLRLLNTEGEIQIDGVSWDSITLQQWRKAFGVIPQKVFIFSGTFRKNLDPYEQWSDQEIWKVADEVGLRSVIEQFPGKLDFVLVDGGCVLSHGHKQLMCLARSVLSKAKILLLDEPSAHLDPVTYQIIRRTLKQAFADCTVILCEHRIEAMLECQQFLVIEENKVRQYDSIQKLLNERSLFRQAISPSDRVKLFPHRNSSKCKSKPQIAALKEETEEEVQDTRL*
chr7:117603752:C/A:1	chr7	117603752	C|A	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000426809	coding	2788	2788	930	P>T	*nonsyn	None	MQRSPLEKASVVSKLFFSWTRPILRKGYRQRLELSDIYQIPSVDSADNLSEKLEREWDRELASKKNPKLINALRRCFFWRFMFYGIFLYLGEVTKAVQPLLLGRIIASYDPDNKEERSIAIYLGIGLCLLFIVRTLLLHPAIFGLHHIGMQMRIAMFSLIYKKGLALAHFVWIAPLQVALLMGLIWELLQASAFCGLGFLIVLALFQAGLGRMMMKYRDQRAGKISERLVITSEMIENIQSVKAYCWEEAMEKMIENLRQTELKLTRKAAYVRYFNSSAFFFSGFFVVFLSVLPYALIKGIILRKIFTTISFCIVLRMAVTRQFPWAVQTWYDSLGAINKIQDFLQKQEYKTLEYNLTTTEVVMENVTAFWEEGFGELFEKAKQNNNNRKTSNGDDSLFFSNFSLLGTPVLKDINFKIERGQLLAVAGSTGAGKTSLLMVIMGELEPSEGKIKHSGRISFCSQFSWIMPGTIKENIIFGVSYDEYRYRSVIKACQLEEDISKFAEKDNIVLGEGGITLSGGQRARISLARAVYKDADLYLLDSPFGYLDVLTEKEIFESCVCKLMANKTRILVTSKMEHLKKADKILILHEGSSYFYGTFSELQNLQPDFSSKLMGCDSFDQFSAERRNSILTETLHRFSLEGDAPVSWTETKKQSFKQTGEFGEKRKNSILNPINSIRKFSIVQKTPLQMNGIEEDSDEPLERRLSLVPDSEQGEAILPRISVISTGPTLQARRRQSVLNLMTHSVNQGQNIHRKTTASTRKVSLAPQANLTELDIYSRRLSQETGLEISEEINEEDLKECFFDDMESIPAVTTWNTYLRYITVHKSLIFVLIWCLVIFLAEVAASLVVLWLLGNTPLQDKGNSTHSRNNSYAVIITSTSSYYVFYIYVGVADTLLAMGFFRGLPLVHTLITVSKILHHKMLHSVLQAPMSTLNTLKAGGILNRFSKDIAILDDLLPLTIFDFIQLLLIVIGAIAVVAVLQPYIFVATVPVIVAFIMLRAYFLQTSQQLKQLESEGRSPIFTHLVTSLKGLWTLRAFGRQPYFETLFHKALNLHTANWFLYLSTLRWFQMRIEMIFVIFFIAVTFISILTTGEGEGRVGIILTLAMNIMSTLQWAVNSSIDVDSLMRSVSRVFKFIDMPTEGKPTKSTKPYKNGQLSKVMIIENSHVKKDDIWPSGGQMTVKDLTAKYTEGGNAILENISFSISPGQRVGLLGRTGSGKSTLLSAFLRLLNTEGEIQIDGVSWDSITLQQWRKAFGVIPQKVFIFSGTFRKNLDPYEQWSDQEIWKVADEVGLRSVIEQFPGKLDFVLVDGGCVLSHGHKQLMCLARSVLSKAKILLLDEPSAHLDPVTYQIIRRTLKQAFADCTVILCEHRIEAMLECQQFLVIEENKVRQYDSIQKLLNERSLFRQAISPSDRVKLFPHRNSSKCKSKPQIAALK|MQRSPLEKASVVSKLFFSWTRPILRKGYRQRLELSDIYQIPSVDSADNLSEKLEREWDRELASKKNPKLINALRRCFFWRFMFYGIFLYLGEVTKAVQPLLLGRIIASYDPDNKEERSIAIYLGIGLCLLFIVRTLLLHPAIFGLHHIGMQMRIAMFSLIYKKGLALAHFVWIAPLQVALLMGLIWELLQASAFCGLGFLIVLALFQAGLGRMMMKYRDQRAGKISERLVITSEMIENIQSVKAYCWEEAMEKMIENLRQTELKLTRKAAYVRYFNSSAFFFSGFFVVFLSVLPYALIKGIILRKIFTTISFCIVLRMAVTRQFPWAVQTWYDSLGAINKIQDFLQKQEYKTLEYNLTTTEVVMENVTAFWEEGFGELFEKAKQNNNNRKTSNGDDSLFFSNFSLLGTPVLKDINFKIERGQLLAVAGSTGAGKTSLLMVIMGELEPSEGKIKHSGRISFCSQFSWIMPGTIKENIIFGVSYDEYRYRSVIKACQLEEDISKFAEKDNIVLGEGGITLSGGQRARISLARAVYKDADLYLLDSPFGYLDVLTEKEIFESCVCKLMANKTRILVTSKMEHLKKADKILILHEGSSYFYGTFSELQNLQPDFSSKLMGCDSFDQFSAERRNSILTETLHRFSLEGDAPVSWTETKKQSFKQTGEFGEKRKNSILNPINSIRKFSIVQKTPLQMNGIEEDSDEPLERRLSLVPDSEQGEAILPRISVISTGPTLQARRRQSVLNLMTHSVNQGQNIHRKTTASTRKVSLAPQANLTELDIYSRRLSQETGLEISEEINEEDLKECFFDDMESIPAVTTWNTYLRYITVHKSLIFVLIWCLVIFLAEVAASLVVLWLLGNTPLQDKGNSTHSRNNSYAVIITSTSSYYVFYIYVGVADTLLAMGFFRGLPLVHTLITVSKILHHKMLHSVLQATMSTLNTLKAGGILNRFSKDIAILDDLLPLTIFDFIQLLLIVIGAIAVVAVLQPYIFVATVPVIVAFIMLRAYFLQTSQQLKQLESEGRSPIFTHLVTSLKGLWTLRAFGRQPYFETLFHKALNLHTANWFLYLSTLRWFQMRIEMIFVIFFIAVTFISILTTGEGEGRVGIILTLAMNIMSTLQWAVNSSIDVDSLMRSVSRVFKFIDMPTEGKPTKSTKPYKNGQLSKVMIIENSHVKKDDIWPSGGQMTVKDLTAKYTEGGNAILENISFSISPGQRVGLLGRTGSGKSTLLSAFLRLLNTEGEIQIDGVSWDSITLQQWRKAFGVIPQKVFIFSGTFRKNLDPYEQWSDQEIWKVADEVGLRSVIEQFPGKLDFVLVDGGCVLSHGHKQLMCLARSVLSKAKILLLDEPSAHLDPVTYQIIRRTLKQAFADCTVILCEHRIEAMLECQQFLVIEENKVRQYDSIQKLLNERSLFRQAISPSDRVKLFPHRNSSKCKSKPQIAALK
chr7:117603752:C/A:1	chr7	117603752	C|A	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000647720	coding	528	529	177	P>T	nonsyn	None	XRKTTASTRKVSLAPQANLTELDIYSRRLSQETGLEISEEINEEDLKECFFDDMESIPAVTTWNTYLRYITVHKSLIFVLIWCLVIFLAEVAASLVVLWLLGNTPLQDKGNSTHSRNNSYAVIITSTSSYYVFYIYVGVADTLLAMGFFRGLPLVHTLITVSKILHHKMLHSVLQAPMSTLNTLKAGGILNRFSKDIAILDDLLPLTIFDFIQLLLIVIGAIAVVAVLQPYIFVATVPVIVAFIMLRAYFLQTSQQLKQLESEGRSPIFTHLVTSLKGLWTLRAFGRQPYFETLFHKALNLHTANWFLYLSTLRWFQMRIEMIFVIFFIAVTFISILTTGEGEGRVGIILTLAMNIMSTLQWAVNSSIDVDSLMRSVSRVFKFIDMPTEGGPLGKNWIREEYFVISFFETTEH*|XRKTTASTRKVSLAPQANLTELDIYSRRLSQETGLEISEEINEEDLKECFFDDMESIPAVTTWNTYLRYITVHKSLIFVLIWCLVIFLAEVAASLVVLWLLGNTPLQDKGNSTHSRNNSYAVIITSTSSYYVFYIYVGVADTLLAMGFFRGLPLVHTLITVSKILHHKMLHSVLQATMSTLNTLKAGGILNRFSKDIAILDDLLPLTIFDFIQLLLIVIGAIAVVAVLQPYIFVATVPVIVAFIMLRAYFLQTSQQLKQLESEGRSPIFTHLVTSLKGLWTLRAFGRQPYFETLFHKALNLHTANWFLYLSTLRWFQMRIEMIFVIFFIAVTFISILTTGEGEGRVGIILTLAMNIMSTLQWAVNSSIDVDSLMRSVSRVFKFIDMPTEGGPLGKNWIREEYFVISFFETTEH*
chr7:117603752:C/A:1	chr7	117603752	C|A	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000648260	coding	1744	1660	554	P>T	nonsyn	None	MQRSPLEKASVVSKLFFSWTRPILRKGYRQRLELSDIYQIPSVDSADNLSEKLEREWDRELASKKNPKLINALRRCFFWRFMFYGIFLYLGEVTKAVQPLLLGRIIASYDPDNKEERSIAIYLGIGLCLLFIVRTLLLHPAIFGLHHIGMQMRIAMFSLIYKKTLKLSSRVLDKISIGQLVSLLSNNLNKFDEGLALAHFVWIAPLQVALLMGLIWELLQASAFCGLGFLIVLALFQAGLGRMMMKYRDQRAGKISERLVITSEMIENIQSVKAYCWEEAMEKMIENLRQTELKLTRKAAYVRYFNSSAFFFSGFFVVFLSVLPYALIKGIILRKIFTTISFCIVLRMAVTRQFPWAVQTWYDSLGAINKIQDFLQKQEYKTLEYNLTTTEVVMENVTAFWEETSLLMVIMGELEPSEGKIKHSGRISFCSQFSWIMPGTIKENIIFGVSYDEYRYRSVIKACQLEEVAASLVVLWLLGNTPLQDKGNSTHSRNNSYAVIITSTSSYYVFYIYVGVADTLLAMGFFRGLPLVHTLITVSKILHHKMLHSVLQAPMSTLNTLKAGGILNRFSKDIAILDDLLPLTIFDFIQLLLIVIGAIAVVAVLQPYIFVATVPVIVAFIMLRAYFLQTSQQLKQLESEGRSPIFTHLVTSLKGLWTLRAFGRQPYFETLFHKALNLHTANWFLYLSTLRWFQMRIEMIFVIFFIAVTFISILTTGEGEGRVGIILTLAMNIMSTLQWAVNSSIDVDSLMRSVSRVFKFIDMPTEGKPTKSTKPYKNGQLSKVMIIENSHVKKDDIWPSGGQMTVKDLTAKYTEGGNAILENISFSISPGQRVRFEHCLLC*|MQRSPLEKASVVSKLFFSWTRPILRKGYRQRLELSDIYQIPSVDSADNLSEKLEREWDRELASKKNPKLINALRRCFFWRFMFYGIFLYLGEVTKAVQPLLLGRIIASYDPDNKEERSIAIYLGIGLCLLFIVRTLLLHPAIFGLHHIGMQMRIAMFSLIYKKTLKLSSRVLDKISIGQLVSLLSNNLNKFDEGLALAHFVWIAPLQVALLMGLIWELLQASAFCGLGFLIVLALFQAGLGRMMMKYRDQRAGKISERLVITSEMIENIQSVKAYCWEEAMEKMIENLRQTELKLTRKAAYVRYFNSSAFFFSGFFVVFLSVLPYALIKGIILRKIFTTISFCIVLRMAVTRQFPWAVQTWYDSLGAINKIQDFLQKQEYKTLEYNLTTTEVVMENVTAFWEETSLLMVIMGELEPSEGKIKHSGRISFCSQFSWIMPGTIKENIIFGVSYDEYRYRSVIKACQLEEVAASLVVLWLLGNTPLQDKGNSTHSRNNSYAVIITSTSSYYVFYIYVGVADTLLAMGFFRGLPLVHTLITVSKILHHKMLHSVLQATMSTLNTLKAGGILNRFSKDIAILDDLLPLTIFDFIQLLLIVIGAIAVVAVLQPYIFVATVPVIVAFIMLRAYFLQTSQQLKQLESEGRSPIFTHLVTSLKGLWTLRAFGRQPYFETLFHKALNLHTANWFLYLSTLRWFQMRIEMIFVIFFIAVTFISILTTGEGEGRVGIILTLAMNIMSTLQWAVNSSIDVDSLMRSVSRVFKFIDMPTEGKPTKSTKPYKNGQLSKVMIIENSHVKKDDIWPSGGQMTVKDLTAKYTEGGNAILENISFSISPGQRVRFEHCLLC*
chr7:117603752:C/A:1	chr7	117603752	C|A	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000649406	coding	2779	2695	899	P>T	nonsyn	None	MQRSPLEKASVVSKLFFSWTRPILRKGYRQRLELSDIYQIPSVDSADNLSEKLEREWDRELASKKNPKLINALRRCFFWRFMFYGIFLYLGEVTKAVQPLLLGRIIASYDPDNKEERSIAIYLGIGLCLLFIVRTLLLHPAIFGLHHIGMQMRIAMFSLIYKKTLKLSSRVLDKISIGQLVSLLSNNLNKFDEGLALAHFVWIAPLQVALLMGLIWELLQASAFCGLGFLIVLALFQAGLGRMMMKYRDQRAGKISERLVITSEMIENIQSVKAYCWEEAMEKMIENLRQTELKLTRKAAYVRYFNSSAFFFSGFFVVFLSVLPYALIKGIILRKIFTTISFCIVLRMAVTRQFPWAVQTWYDSLGAINKIQDFLQKQEYKTLEYNLTTTEVVMENVTAFWEETSLLMVIMGELEPSEGKIKHSGRISFCSQFSWIMPGTIKENIIFGVSYDEYRYRSVIKACQLEEDISKFAEKDNIVLGEGGITLSGGQRARISLARAVYKDADLYLLDSPFGYLDVLTEKEIFESCVCKLMANKTRILVTSKMEHLKKADKILILHEGSSYFYGTFSELQNLQPDFSSKLMGCDSFDQFSAERRNSILTETLHRFSLEGDAPVSWTETKKQSFKQTGEFGEKRKNSILNPINSIRKFSIVQKTPLQMNGIEEDSDEPLERRLSLVPDSEQGEAILPRISVISTGPTLQARRRQSVLNLMTHSVNQGQNIHRKTTASTRKVSLAPQANLTELDIYSRRLSQETGLEISEEINEEDLKECFFDDMESIPAVTTWNTYLRYITVHKSLIFVLIWCLVIFLAEVAASLVVLWLLGNTPLQDKGNSTHSRNNSYAVIITSTSSYYVFYIYVGVADTLLAMGFFRGLPLVHTLITVSKILHHKMLHSVLQAPMSTLNTLKAGGILNRFSKDIAILDDLLPLTIFDFIQLLLIVIGAIAVVAVLQPYIFVATVPVIVAFIMLRAYFLQTSQQLKQLESEGRSPIFTHLVTSLKGLWTLRAFGRQPYFETLFHKALNLHTANWFLYLSTLRWFQMRIEMIFVIFFIAVTFISILTTGEGEGRVGIILTLAMNIMSTLQWAVNSSIDVDSLMRSVSRVFKFIDMPTEGKPTKSTKPYKNGQLSKVMIIENSHVKKDDIWPSGGQMTVKDLTAKYTEGGNAILENISFSISPGQRVRFEHCLLC*|MQRSPLEKASVVSKLFFSWTRPILRKGYRQRLELSDIYQIPSVDSADNLSEKLEREWDRELASKKNPKLINALRRCFFWRFMFYGIFLYLGEVTKAVQPLLLGRIIASYDPDNKEERSIAIYLGIGLCLLFIVRTLLLHPAIFGLHHIGMQMRIAMFSLIYKKTLKLSSRVLDKISIGQLVSLLSNNLNKFDEGLALAHFVWIAPLQVALLMGLIWELLQASAFCGLGFLIVLALFQAGLGRMMMKYRDQRAGKISERLVITSEMIENIQSVKAYCWEEAMEKMIENLRQTELKLTRKAAYVRYFNSSAFFFSGFFVVFLSVLPYALIKGIILRKIFTTISFCIVLRMAVTRQFPWAVQTWYDSLGAINKIQDFLQKQEYKTLEYNLTTTEVVMENVTAFWEETSLLMVIMGELEPSEGKIKHSGRISFCSQFSWIMPGTIKENIIFGVSYDEYRYRSVIKACQLEEDISKFAEKDNIVLGEGGITLSGGQRARISLARAVYKDADLYLLDSPFGYLDVLTEKEIFESCVCKLMANKTRILVTSKMEHLKKADKILILHEGSSYFYGTFSELQNLQPDFSSKLMGCDSFDQFSAERRNSILTETLHRFSLEGDAPVSWTETKKQSFKQTGEFGEKRKNSILNPINSIRKFSIVQKTPLQMNGIEEDSDEPLERRLSLVPDSEQGEAILPRISVISTGPTLQARRRQSVLNLMTHSVNQGQNIHRKTTASTRKVSLAPQANLTELDIYSRRLSQETGLEISEEINEEDLKECFFDDMESIPAVTTWNTYLRYITVHKSLIFVLIWCLVIFLAEVAASLVVLWLLGNTPLQDKGNSTHSRNNSYAVIITSTSSYYVFYIYVGVADTLLAMGFFRGLPLVHTLITVSKILHHKMLHSVLQATMSTLNTLKAGGILNRFSKDIAILDDLLPLTIFDFIQLLLIVIGAIAVVAVLQPYIFVATVPVIVAFIMLRAYFLQTSQQLKQLESEGRSPIFTHLVTSLKGLWTLRAFGRQPYFETLFHKALNLHTANWFLYLSTLRWFQMRIEMIFVIFFIAVTFISILTTGEGEGRVGIILTLAMNIMSTLQWAVNSSIDVDSLMRSVSRVFKFIDMPTEGKPTKSTKPYKNGQLSKVMIIENSHVKKDDIWPSGGQMTVKDLTAKYTEGGNAILENISFSISPGQRVRFEHCLLC*
chr7:117603752:C/A:1	chr7	117603752	C|A	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000649781	coding	2695	2695	899	P>T	nonsyn	None	MQRSPLEKASVVSKLFFSWTRPILRKGYRQRLELSDIYQIPSVDSADNLSEKLEREWDRELASKKNPKLINALRRCFFWRFMFYGIFLYLGEVTKAVQPLLLGRIIASYDPDNKEERSIAIYLGIGLCLLFIVRTLLLHPAIFGLHHIGMQMRIAMFSLIYKKTLKLSSRVLDKISIGQLVSLLSNNLNKFDEGLALAHFVWIAPLQVALLMGLIWELLQASAFCGLGFLIVLALFQAGLGRMMMKYRDQRAGKISERLVITSEMIENIQSVKAYCWEEAMEKMIENLRQTELKLTRKAAYVRYFNSSAFFFSGFFVVFLSVLPYALIKGIILRKIFTTISFCIVLRMAVTRQFPWAVQTWYDSLGAINKIQDFLQKQEYKTLEYNLTTTEVVMENVTAFWEETSLLMVIMGELEPSEGKIKHSGRISFCSQFSWIMPGTIKENIIFGVSYDEYRYRSVIKACQLEEDISKFAEKDNIVLGEGGITLSGGQRARISLARAVYKDADLYLLDSPFGYLDVLTEKEIFESCVCKLMANKTRILVTSKMEHLKKADKILILHEGSSYFYGTFSELQNLQPDFSSKLMGCDSFDQFSAERRNSILTETLHRFSLEGDAPVSWTETKKQSFKQTGEFGEKRKNSILNPINSIRKFSIVQKTPLQMNGIEEDSDEPLERRLSLVPDSEQGEAILPRISVISTGPTLQARRRQSVLNLMTHSVNQGQNIHRKTTASTRKVSLAPQANLTELDIYSRRLSQETGLEISEEINEEDLKECFFDDMESIPAVTTWNTYLRYITVHKSLIFVLIWCLVIFLAEVAASLVVLWLLGNTPLQDKGNSTHSRNNSYAVIITSTSSYYVFYIYVGVADTLLAMGFFRGLPLVHTLITVSKILHHKMLHSVLQAPMSTLNTLKAGGILNRFSKDIAILDDLLPLTIFDFIQLLLIVIGAIAVVAVLQPYIFVATVPVIVAFIMLRAYFLQTSQQLKQLESEGRSPIFTHLVTSLKGLWTLRAFGRQPYFETLFHKALNLHTANWFLYLSTLRWFQMRIEMIFVIFFIAVTFISILTTGEGEGRVGIILTLAMNIMSTLQWAVNSSIDVDSLMRSVSRVFKFIDMPTEGKPTKSTKPYKNGQLSKVMIIENSHVKKDDIWPSGGQMTVKDLTAKYTEGGNAILENISFSISPGQRVGLLGRTGSGKSTLLSAFLRLLNTEGEIQIDGVSWDSITLQQWRKAFGVIPQKVFIFSGTFRKNLDPYEQWSDQEIWKVADEVGLRSVIEQFPGKLDFVLVDGGCVLSHGHKQLMCLARSVLSKAKILLLDEPSAHLDPVTYQIIRRTLKQAFADCTVILCEHRIEAMLECQQFLVIEENKVRQYDSIQKLLNERSLFRQAISPSDRVKLFPHRNSSKCKSKPQIAALKEETEEEVQDTRL*|MQRSPLEKASVVSKLFFSWTRPILRKGYRQRLELSDIYQIPSVDSADNLSEKLEREWDRELASKKNPKLINALRRCFFWRFMFYGIFLYLGEVTKAVQPLLLGRIIASYDPDNKEERSIAIYLGIGLCLLFIVRTLLLHPAIFGLHHIGMQMRIAMFSLIYKKTLKLSSRVLDKISIGQLVSLLSNNLNKFDEGLALAHFVWIAPLQVALLMGLIWELLQASAFCGLGFLIVLALFQAGLGRMMMKYRDQRAGKISERLVITSEMIENIQSVKAYCWEEAMEKMIENLRQTELKLTRKAAYVRYFNSSAFFFSGFFVVFLSVLPYALIKGIILRKIFTTISFCIVLRMAVTRQFPWAVQTWYDSLGAINKIQDFLQKQEYKTLEYNLTTTEVVMENVTAFWEETSLLMVIMGELEPSEGKIKHSGRISFCSQFSWIMPGTIKENIIFGVSYDEYRYRSVIKACQLEEDISKFAEKDNIVLGEGGITLSGGQRARISLARAVYKDADLYLLDSPFGYLDVLTEKEIFESCVCKLMANKTRILVTSKMEHLKKADKILILHEGSSYFYGTFSELQNLQPDFSSKLMGCDSFDQFSAERRNSILTETLHRFSLEGDAPVSWTETKKQSFKQTGEFGEKRKNSILNPINSIRKFSIVQKTPLQMNGIEEDSDEPLERRLSLVPDSEQGEAILPRISVISTGPTLQARRRQSVLNLMTHSVNQGQNIHRKTTASTRKVSLAPQANLTELDIYSRRLSQETGLEISEEINEEDLKECFFDDMESIPAVTTWNTYLRYITVHKSLIFVLIWCLVIFLAEVAASLVVLWLLGNTPLQDKGNSTHSRNNSYAVIITSTSSYYVFYIYVGVADTLLAMGFFRGLPLVHTLITVSKILHHKMLHSVLQATMSTLNTLKAGGILNRFSKDIAILDDLLPLTIFDFIQLLLIVIGAIAVVAVLQPYIFVATVPVIVAFIMLRAYFLQTSQQLKQLESEGRSPIFTHLVTSLKGLWTLRAFGRQPYFETLFHKALNLHTANWFLYLSTLRWFQMRIEMIFVIFFIAVTFISILTTGEGEGRVGIILTLAMNIMSTLQWAVNSSIDVDSLMRSVSRVFKFIDMPTEGKPTKSTKPYKNGQLSKVMIIENSHVKKDDIWPSGGQMTVKDLTAKYTEGGNAILENISFSISPGQRVGLLGRTGSGKSTLLSAFLRLLNTEGEIQIDGVSWDSITLQQWRKAFGVIPQKVFIFSGTFRKNLDPYEQWSDQEIWKVADEVGLRSVIEQFPGKLDFVLVDGGCVLSHGHKQLMCLARSVLSKAKILLLDEPSAHLDPVTYQIIRRTLKQAFADCTVILCEHRIEAMLECQQFLVIEENKVRQYDSIQKLLNERSLFRQAISPSDRVKLFPHRNSSKCKSKPQIAALKEETEEEVQDTRL*
chr7:117603847:G/T:1	chr7	117603847	G|T	1	AC000061.1	ENSG00000083622	ENST00000456270	3downstream	None	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr7:117603847:G/T:1	chr7	117603847	G|T	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000003084	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	65	None
chr7:117603847:G/T:1	chr7	117603847	G|T	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000426809	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	65	None
chr7:117603847:G/T:1	chr7	117603847	G|T	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000647720	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	65	None
chr7:117603847:G/T:1	chr7	117603847	G|T	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000648260	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	65	None
chr7:117603847:G/T:1	chr7	117603847	G|T	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000649406	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	65	None
chr7:117603847:G/T:1	chr7	117603847	G|T	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000649781	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	65	None
chr7:117606697:A/G:1	chr7	117606697	A|G	1	AC000061.1	ENSG00000083622	ENST00000456270	non-coding intronic	None	None	None	None	None	1708	None
chr7:117606697:A/G:1	chr7	117606697	A|G	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000003084	coding	3064	2932	978	K>E	nonsyn	None	MQRSPLEKASVVSKLFFSWTRPILRKGYRQRLELSDIYQIPSVDSADNLSEKLEREWDRELASKKNPKLINALRRCFFWRFMFYGIFLYLGEVTKAVQPLLLGRIIASYDPDNKEERSIAIYLGIGLCLLFIVRTLLLHPAIFGLHHIGMQMRIAMFSLIYKKTLKLSSRVLDKISIGQLVSLLSNNLNKFDEGLALAHFVWIAPLQVALLMGLIWELLQASAFCGLGFLIVLALFQAGLGRMMMKYRDQRAGKISERLVITSEMIENIQSVKAYCWEEAMEKMIENLRQTELKLTRKAAYVRYFNSSAFFFSGFFVVFLSVLPYALIKGIILRKIFTTISFCIVLRMAVTRQFPWAVQTWYDSLGAINKIQDFLQKQEYKTLEYNLTTTEVVMENVTAFWEEGFGELFEKAKQNNNNRKTSNGDDSLFFSNFSLLGTPVLKDINFKIERGQLLAVAGSTGAGKTSLLMVIMGELEPSEGKIKHSGRISFCSQFSWIMPGTIKENIIFGVSYDEYRYRSVIKACQLEEDISKFAEKDNIVLGEGGITLSGGQRARISLARAVYKDADLYLLDSPFGYLDVLTEKEIFESCVCKLMANKTRILVTSKMEHLKKADKILILHEGSSYFYGTFSELQNLQPDFSSKLMGCDSFDQFSAERRNSILTETLHRFSLEGDAPVSWTETKKQSFKQTGEFGEKRKNSILNPINSIRKFSIVQKTPLQMNGIEEDSDEPLERRLSLVPDSEQGEAILPRISVISTGPTLQARRRQSVLNLMTHSVNQGQNIHRKTTASTRKVSLAPQANLTELDIYSRRLSQETGLEISEEINEEDLKECFFDDMESIPAVTTWNTYLRYITVHKSLIFVLIWCLVIFLAEVAASLVVLWLLGNTPLQDKGNSTHSRNNSYAVIITSTSSYYVFYIYVGVADTLLAMGFFRGLPLVHTLITVSKILHHKMLHSVLQAPMSTLNTLKAGGILNRFSKDIAILDDLLPLTIFDFIQLLLIVIGAIAVVAVLQPYIFVATVPVIVAFIMLRAYFLQTSQQLKQLESEGRSPIFTHLVTSLKGLWTLRAFGRQPYFETLFHKALNLHTANWFLYLSTLRWFQMRIEMIFVIFFIAVTFISILTTGEGEGRVGIILTLAMNIMSTLQWAVNSSIDVDSLMRSVSRVFKFIDMPTEGKPTKSTKPYKNGQLSKVMIIENSHVKKDDIWPSGGQMTVKDLTAKYTEGGNAILENISFSISPGQRVGLLGRTGSGKSTLLSAFLRLLNTEGEIQIDGVSWDSITLQQWRKAFGVIPQKVFIFSGTFRKNLDPYEQWSDQEIWKVADEVGLRSVIEQFPGKLDFVLVDGGCVLSHGHKQLMCLARSVLSKAKILLLDEPSAHLDPVTYQIIRRTLKQAFADCTVILCEHRIEAMLECQQFLVIEENKVRQYDSIQKLLNERSLFRQAISPSDRVKLFPHRNSSKCKSKPQIAALKEETEEEVQDTRL*|MQRSPLEKASVVSKLFFSWTRPILRKGYRQRLELSDIYQIPSVDSADNLSEKLEREWDRELASKKNPKLINALRRCFFWRFMFYGIFLYLGEVTKAVQPLLLGRIIASYDPDNKEERSIAIYLGIGLCLLFIVRTLLLHPAIFGLHHIGMQMRIAMFSLIYKKTLKLSSRVLDKISIGQLVSLLSNNLNKFDEGLALAHFVWIAPLQVALLMGLIWELLQASAFCGLGFLIVLALFQAGLGRMMMKYRDQRAGKISERLVITSEMIENIQSVKAYCWEEAMEKMIENLRQTELKLTRKAAYVRYFNSSAFFFSGFFVVFLSVLPYALIKGIILRKIFTTISFCIVLRMAVTRQFPWAVQTWYDSLGAINKIQDFLQKQEYKTLEYNLTTTEVVMENVTAFWEEGFGELFEKAKQNNNNRKTSNGDDSLFFSNFSLLGTPVLKDINFKIERGQLLAVAGSTGAGKTSLLMVIMGELEPSEGKIKHSGRISFCSQFSWIMPGTIKENIIFGVSYDEYRYRSVIKACQLEEDISKFAEKDNIVLGEGGITLSGGQRARISLARAVYKDADLYLLDSPFGYLDVLTEKEIFESCVCKLMANKTRILVTSKMEHLKKADKILILHEGSSYFYGTFSELQNLQPDFSSKLMGCDSFDQFSAERRNSILTETLHRFSLEGDAPVSWTETKKQSFKQTGEFGEKRKNSILNPINSIRKFSIVQKTPLQMNGIEEDSDEPLERRLSLVPDSEQGEAILPRISVISTGPTLQARRRQSVLNLMTHSVNQGQNIHRKTTASTRKVSLAPQANLTELDIYSRRLSQETGLEISEEINEEDLKECFFDDMESIPAVTTWNTYLRYITVHKSLIFVLIWCLVIFLAEVAASLVVLWLLGNTPLQDKGNSTHSRNNSYAVIITSTSSYYVFYIYVGVADTLLAMGFFRGLPLVHTLITVSKILHHKMLHSVLQAPMSTLNTLKAGGILNRFSEDIAILDDLLPLTIFDFIQLLLIVIGAIAVVAVLQPYIFVATVPVIVAFIMLRAYFLQTSQQLKQLESEGRSPIFTHLVTSLKGLWTLRAFGRQPYFETLFHKALNLHTANWFLYLSTLRWFQMRIEMIFVIFFIAVTFISILTTGEGEGRVGIILTLAMNIMSTLQWAVNSSIDVDSLMRSVSRVFKFIDMPTEGKPTKSTKPYKNGQLSKVMIIENSHVKKDDIWPSGGQMTVKDLTAKYTEGGNAILENISFSISPGQRVGLLGRTGSGKSTLLSAFLRLLNTEGEIQIDGVSWDSITLQQWRKAFGVIPQKVFIFSGTFRKNLDPYEQWSDQEIWKVADEVGLRSVIEQFPGKLDFVLVDGGCVLSHGHKQLMCLARSVLSKAKILLLDEPSAHLDPVTYQIIRRTLKQAFADCTVILCEHRIEAMLECQQFLVIEENKVRQYDSIQKLLNERSLFRQAISPSDRVKLFPHRNSSKCKSKPQIAALKEETEEEVQDTRL*
chr7:117606697:A/G:1	chr7	117606697	A|G	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000426809	coding	2842	2842	948	K>E	*nonsyn	None	MQRSPLEKASVVSKLFFSWTRPILRKGYRQRLELSDIYQIPSVDSADNLSEKLEREWDRELASKKNPKLINALRRCFFWRFMFYGIFLYLGEVTKAVQPLLLGRIIASYDPDNKEERSIAIYLGIGLCLLFIVRTLLLHPAIFGLHHIGMQMRIAMFSLIYKKGLALAHFVWIAPLQVALLMGLIWELLQASAFCGLGFLIVLALFQAGLGRMMMKYRDQRAGKISERLVITSEMIENIQSVKAYCWEEAMEKMIENLRQTELKLTRKAAYVRYFNSSAFFFSGFFVVFLSVLPYALIKGIILRKIFTTISFCIVLRMAVTRQFPWAVQTWYDSLGAINKIQDFLQKQEYKTLEYNLTTTEVVMENVTAFWEEGFGELFEKAKQNNNNRKTSNGDDSLFFSNFSLLGTPVLKDINFKIERGQLLAVAGSTGAGKTSLLMVIMGELEPSEGKIKHSGRISFCSQFSWIMPGTIKENIIFGVSYDEYRYRSVIKACQLEEDISKFAEKDNIVLGEGGITLSGGQRARISLARAVYKDADLYLLDSPFGYLDVLTEKEIFESCVCKLMANKTRILVTSKMEHLKKADKILILHEGSSYFYGTFSELQNLQPDFSSKLMGCDSFDQFSAERRNSILTETLHRFSLEGDAPVSWTETKKQSFKQTGEFGEKRKNSILNPINSIRKFSIVQKTPLQMNGIEEDSDEPLERRLSLVPDSEQGEAILPRISVISTGPTLQARRRQSVLNLMTHSVNQGQNIHRKTTASTRKVSLAPQANLTELDIYSRRLSQETGLEISEEINEEDLKECFFDDMESIPAVTTWNTYLRYITVHKSLIFVLIWCLVIFLAEVAASLVVLWLLGNTPLQDKGNSTHSRNNSYAVIITSTSSYYVFYIYVGVADTLLAMGFFRGLPLVHTLITVSKILHHKMLHSVLQAPMSTLNTLKAGGILNRFSKDIAILDDLLPLTIFDFIQLLLIVIGAIAVVAVLQPYIFVATVPVIVAFIMLRAYFLQTSQQLKQLESEGRSPIFTHLVTSLKGLWTLRAFGRQPYFETLFHKALNLHTANWFLYLSTLRWFQMRIEMIFVIFFIAVTFISILTTGEGEGRVGIILTLAMNIMSTLQWAVNSSIDVDSLMRSVSRVFKFIDMPTEGKPTKSTKPYKNGQLSKVMIIENSHVKKDDIWPSGGQMTVKDLTAKYTEGGNAILENISFSISPGQRVGLLGRTGSGKSTLLSAFLRLLNTEGEIQIDGVSWDSITLQQWRKAFGVIPQKVFIFSGTFRKNLDPYEQWSDQEIWKVADEVGLRSVIEQFPGKLDFVLVDGGCVLSHGHKQLMCLARSVLSKAKILLLDEPSAHLDPVTYQIIRRTLKQAFADCTVILCEHRIEAMLECQQFLVIEENKVRQYDSIQKLLNERSLFRQAISPSDRVKLFPHRNSSKCKSKPQIAALK|MQRSPLEKASVVSKLFFSWTRPILRKGYRQRLELSDIYQIPSVDSADNLSEKLEREWDRELASKKNPKLINALRRCFFWRFMFYGIFLYLGEVTKAVQPLLLGRIIASYDPDNKEERSIAIYLGIGLCLLFIVRTLLLHPAIFGLHHIGMQMRIAMFSLIYKKGLALAHFVWIAPLQVALLMGLIWELLQASAFCGLGFLIVLALFQAGLGRMMMKYRDQRAGKISERLVITSEMIENIQSVKAYCWEEAMEKMIENLRQTELKLTRKAAYVRYFNSSAFFFSGFFVVFLSVLPYALIKGIILRKIFTTISFCIVLRMAVTRQFPWAVQTWYDSLGAINKIQDFLQKQEYKTLEYNLTTTEVVMENVTAFWEEGFGELFEKAKQNNNNRKTSNGDDSLFFSNFSLLGTPVLKDINFKIERGQLLAVAGSTGAGKTSLLMVIMGELEPSEGKIKHSGRISFCSQFSWIMPGTIKENIIFGVSYDEYRYRSVIKACQLEEDISKFAEKDNIVLGEGGITLSGGQRARISLARAVYKDADLYLLDSPFGYLDVLTEKEIFESCVCKLMANKTRILVTSKMEHLKKADKILILHEGSSYFYGTFSELQNLQPDFSSKLMGCDSFDQFSAERRNSILTETLHRFSLEGDAPVSWTETKKQSFKQTGEFGEKRKNSILNPINSIRKFSIVQKTPLQMNGIEEDSDEPLERRLSLVPDSEQGEAILPRISVISTGPTLQARRRQSVLNLMTHSVNQGQNIHRKTTASTRKVSLAPQANLTELDIYSRRLSQETGLEISEEINEEDLKECFFDDMESIPAVTTWNTYLRYITVHKSLIFVLIWCLVIFLAEVAASLVVLWLLGNTPLQDKGNSTHSRNNSYAVIITSTSSYYVFYIYVGVADTLLAMGFFRGLPLVHTLITVSKILHHKMLHSVLQAPMSTLNTLKAGGILNRFSEDIAILDDLLPLTIFDFIQLLLIVIGAIAVVAVLQPYIFVATVPVIVAFIMLRAYFLQTSQQLKQLESEGRSPIFTHLVTSLKGLWTLRAFGRQPYFETLFHKALNLHTANWFLYLSTLRWFQMRIEMIFVIFFIAVTFISILTTGEGEGRVGIILTLAMNIMSTLQWAVNSSIDVDSLMRSVSRVFKFIDMPTEGKPTKSTKPYKNGQLSKVMIIENSHVKKDDIWPSGGQMTVKDLTAKYTEGGNAILENISFSISPGQRVGLLGRTGSGKSTLLSAFLRLLNTEGEIQIDGVSWDSITLQQWRKAFGVIPQKVFIFSGTFRKNLDPYEQWSDQEIWKVADEVGLRSVIEQFPGKLDFVLVDGGCVLSHGHKQLMCLARSVLSKAKILLLDEPSAHLDPVTYQIIRRTLKQAFADCTVILCEHRIEAMLECQQFLVIEENKVRQYDSIQKLLNERSLFRQAISPSDRVKLFPHRNSSKCKSKPQIAALK
chr7:117606697:A/G:1	chr7	117606697	A|G	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000647720	coding	582	583	195	K>E	nonsyn	None	XRKTTASTRKVSLAPQANLTELDIYSRRLSQETGLEISEEINEEDLKECFFDDMESIPAVTTWNTYLRYITVHKSLIFVLIWCLVIFLAEVAASLVVLWLLGNTPLQDKGNSTHSRNNSYAVIITSTSSYYVFYIYVGVADTLLAMGFFRGLPLVHTLITVSKILHHKMLHSVLQAPMSTLNTLKAGGILNRFSKDIAILDDLLPLTIFDFIQLLLIVIGAIAVVAVLQPYIFVATVPVIVAFIMLRAYFLQTSQQLKQLESEGRSPIFTHLVTSLKGLWTLRAFGRQPYFETLFHKALNLHTANWFLYLSTLRWFQMRIEMIFVIFFIAVTFISILTTGEGEGRVGIILTLAMNIMSTLQWAVNSSIDVDSLMRSVSRVFKFIDMPTEGGPLGKNWIREEYFVISFFETTEH*|XRKTTASTRKVSLAPQANLTELDIYSRRLSQETGLEISEEINEEDLKECFFDDMESIPAVTTWNTYLRYITVHKSLIFVLIWCLVIFLAEVAASLVVLWLLGNTPLQDKGNSTHSRNNSYAVIITSTSSYYVFYIYVGVADTLLAMGFFRGLPLVHTLITVSKILHHKMLHSVLQAPMSTLNTLKAGGILNRFSEDIAILDDLLPLTIFDFIQLLLIVIGAIAVVAVLQPYIFVATVPVIVAFIMLRAYFLQTSQQLKQLESEGRSPIFTHLVTSLKGLWTLRAFGRQPYFETLFHKALNLHTANWFLYLSTLRWFQMRIEMIFVIFFIAVTFISILTTGEGEGRVGIILTLAMNIMSTLQWAVNSSIDVDSLMRSVSRVFKFIDMPTEGGPLGKNWIREEYFVISFFETTEH*
chr7:117606697:A/G:1	chr7	117606697	A|G	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000648260	coding	1798	1714	572	K>E	nonsyn	None	MQRSPLEKASVVSKLFFSWTRPILRKGYRQRLELSDIYQIPSVDSADNLSEKLEREWDRELASKKNPKLINALRRCFFWRFMFYGIFLYLGEVTKAVQPLLLGRIIASYDPDNKEERSIAIYLGIGLCLLFIVRTLLLHPAIFGLHHIGMQMRIAMFSLIYKKTLKLSSRVLDKISIGQLVSLLSNNLNKFDEGLALAHFVWIAPLQVALLMGLIWELLQASAFCGLGFLIVLALFQAGLGRMMMKYRDQRAGKISERLVITSEMIENIQSVKAYCWEEAMEKMIENLRQTELKLTRKAAYVRYFNSSAFFFSGFFVVFLSVLPYALIKGIILRKIFTTISFCIVLRMAVTRQFPWAVQTWYDSLGAINKIQDFLQKQEYKTLEYNLTTTEVVMENVTAFWEETSLLMVIMGELEPSEGKIKHSGRISFCSQFSWIMPGTIKENIIFGVSYDEYRYRSVIKACQLEEVAASLVVLWLLGNTPLQDKGNSTHSRNNSYAVIITSTSSYYVFYIYVGVADTLLAMGFFRGLPLVHTLITVSKILHHKMLHSVLQAPMSTLNTLKAGGILNRFSKDIAILDDLLPLTIFDFIQLLLIVIGAIAVVAVLQPYIFVATVPVIVAFIMLRAYFLQTSQQLKQLESEGRSPIFTHLVTSLKGLWTLRAFGRQPYFETLFHKALNLHTANWFLYLSTLRWFQMRIEMIFVIFFIAVTFISILTTGEGEGRVGIILTLAMNIMSTLQWAVNSSIDVDSLMRSVSRVFKFIDMPTEGKPTKSTKPYKNGQLSKVMIIENSHVKKDDIWPSGGQMTVKDLTAKYTEGGNAILENISFSISPGQRVRFEHCLLC*|MQRSPLEKASVVSKLFFSWTRPILRKGYRQRLELSDIYQIPSVDSADNLSEKLEREWDRELASKKNPKLINALRRCFFWRFMFYGIFLYLGEVTKAVQPLLLGRIIASYDPDNKEERSIAIYLGIGLCLLFIVRTLLLHPAIFGLHHIGMQMRIAMFSLIYKKTLKLSSRVLDKISIGQLVSLLSNNLNKFDEGLALAHFVWIAPLQVALLMGLIWELLQASAFCGLGFLIVLALFQAGLGRMMMKYRDQRAGKISERLVITSEMIENIQSVKAYCWEEAMEKMIENLRQTELKLTRKAAYVRYFNSSAFFFSGFFVVFLSVLPYALIKGIILRKIFTTISFCIVLRMAVTRQFPWAVQTWYDSLGAINKIQDFLQKQEYKTLEYNLTTTEVVMENVTAFWEETSLLMVIMGELEPSEGKIKHSGRISFCSQFSWIMPGTIKENIIFGVSYDEYRYRSVIKACQLEEVAASLVVLWLLGNTPLQDKGNSTHSRNNSYAVIITSTSSYYVFYIYVGVADTLLAMGFFRGLPLVHTLITVSKILHHKMLHSVLQAPMSTLNTLKAGGILNRFSEDIAILDDLLPLTIFDFIQLLLIVIGAIAVVAVLQPYIFVATVPVIVAFIMLRAYFLQTSQQLKQLESEGRSPIFTHLVTSLKGLWTLRAFGRQPYFETLFHKALNLHTANWFLYLSTLRWFQMRIEMIFVIFFIAVTFISILTTGEGEGRVGIILTLAMNIMSTLQWAVNSSIDVDSLMRSVSRVFKFIDMPTEGKPTKSTKPYKNGQLSKVMIIENSHVKKDDIWPSGGQMTVKDLTAKYTEGGNAILENISFSISPGQRVRFEHCLLC*
chr7:117606697:A/G:1	chr7	117606697	A|G	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000649406	coding	2833	2749	917	K>E	nonsyn	None	MQRSPLEKASVVSKLFFSWTRPILRKGYRQRLELSDIYQIPSVDSADNLSEKLEREWDRELASKKNPKLINALRRCFFWRFMFYGIFLYLGEVTKAVQPLLLGRIIASYDPDNKEERSIAIYLGIGLCLLFIVRTLLLHPAIFGLHHIGMQMRIAMFSLIYKKTLKLSSRVLDKISIGQLVSLLSNNLNKFDEGLALAHFVWIAPLQVALLMGLIWELLQASAFCGLGFLIVLALFQAGLGRMMMKYRDQRAGKISERLVITSEMIENIQSVKAYCWEEAMEKMIENLRQTELKLTRKAAYVRYFNSSAFFFSGFFVVFLSVLPYALIKGIILRKIFTTISFCIVLRMAVTRQFPWAVQTWYDSLGAINKIQDFLQKQEYKTLEYNLTTTEVVMENVTAFWEETSLLMVIMGELEPSEGKIKHSGRISFCSQFSWIMPGTIKENIIFGVSYDEYRYRSVIKACQLEEDISKFAEKDNIVLGEGGITLSGGQRARISLARAVYKDADLYLLDSPFGYLDVLTEKEIFESCVCKLMANKTRILVTSKMEHLKKADKILILHEGSSYFYGTFSELQNLQPDFSSKLMGCDSFDQFSAERRNSILTETLHRFSLEGDAPVSWTETKKQSFKQTGEFGEKRKNSILNPINSIRKFSIVQKTPLQMNGIEEDSDEPLERRLSLVPDSEQGEAILPRISVISTGPTLQARRRQSVLNLMTHSVNQGQNIHRKTTASTRKVSLAPQANLTELDIYSRRLSQETGLEISEEINEEDLKECFFDDMESIPAVTTWNTYLRYITVHKSLIFVLIWCLVIFLAEVAASLVVLWLLGNTPLQDKGNSTHSRNNSYAVIITSTSSYYVFYIYVGVADTLLAMGFFRGLPLVHTLITVSKILHHKMLHSVLQAPMSTLNTLKAGGILNRFSKDIAILDDLLPLTIFDFIQLLLIVIGAIAVVAVLQPYIFVATVPVIVAFIMLRAYFLQTSQQLKQLESEGRSPIFTHLVTSLKGLWTLRAFGRQPYFETLFHKALNLHTANWFLYLSTLRWFQMRIEMIFVIFFIAVTFISILTTGEGEGRVGIILTLAMNIMSTLQWAVNSSIDVDSLMRSVSRVFKFIDMPTEGKPTKSTKPYKNGQLSKVMIIENSHVKKDDIWPSGGQMTVKDLTAKYTEGGNAILENISFSISPGQRVRFEHCLLC*|MQRSPLEKASVVSKLFFSWTRPILRKGYRQRLELSDIYQIPSVDSADNLSEKLEREWDRELASKKNPKLINALRRCFFWRFMFYGIFLYLGEVTKAVQPLLLGRIIASYDPDNKEERSIAIYLGIGLCLLFIVRTLLLHPAIFGLHHIGMQMRIAMFSLIYKKTLKLSSRVLDKISIGQLVSLLSNNLNKFDEGLALAHFVWIAPLQVALLMGLIWELLQASAFCGLGFLIVLALFQAGLGRMMMKYRDQRAGKISERLVITSEMIENIQSVKAYCWEEAMEKMIENLRQTELKLTRKAAYVRYFNSSAFFFSGFFVVFLSVLPYALIKGIILRKIFTTISFCIVLRMAVTRQFPWAVQTWYDSLGAINKIQDFLQKQEYKTLEYNLTTTEVVMENVTAFWEETSLLMVIMGELEPSEGKIKHSGRISFCSQFSWIMPGTIKENIIFGVSYDEYRYRSVIKACQLEEDISKFAEKDNIVLGEGGITLSGGQRARISLARAVYKDADLYLLDSPFGYLDVLTEKEIFESCVCKLMANKTRILVTSKMEHLKKADKILILHEGSSYFYGTFSELQNLQPDFSSKLMGCDSFDQFSAERRNSILTETLHRFSLEGDAPVSWTETKKQSFKQTGEFGEKRKNSILNPINSIRKFSIVQKTPLQMNGIEEDSDEPLERRLSLVPDSEQGEAILPRISVISTGPTLQARRRQSVLNLMTHSVNQGQNIHRKTTASTRKVSLAPQANLTELDIYSRRLSQETGLEISEEINEEDLKECFFDDMESIPAVTTWNTYLRYITVHKSLIFVLIWCLVIFLAEVAASLVVLWLLGNTPLQDKGNSTHSRNNSYAVIITSTSSYYVFYIYVGVADTLLAMGFFRGLPLVHTLITVSKILHHKMLHSVLQAPMSTLNTLKAGGILNRFSEDIAILDDLLPLTIFDFIQLLLIVIGAIAVVAVLQPYIFVATVPVIVAFIMLRAYFLQTSQQLKQLESEGRSPIFTHLVTSLKGLWTLRAFGRQPYFETLFHKALNLHTANWFLYLSTLRWFQMRIEMIFVIFFIAVTFISILTTGEGEGRVGIILTLAMNIMSTLQWAVNSSIDVDSLMRSVSRVFKFIDMPTEGKPTKSTKPYKNGQLSKVMIIENSHVKKDDIWPSGGQMTVKDLTAKYTEGGNAILENISFSISPGQRVRFEHCLLC*
chr7:117606697:A/G:1	chr7	117606697	A|G	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000649781	coding	2749	2749	917	K>E	nonsyn	None	MQRSPLEKASVVSKLFFSWTRPILRKGYRQRLELSDIYQIPSVDSADNLSEKLEREWDRELASKKNPKLINALRRCFFWRFMFYGIFLYLGEVTKAVQPLLLGRIIASYDPDNKEERSIAIYLGIGLCLLFIVRTLLLHPAIFGLHHIGMQMRIAMFSLIYKKTLKLSSRVLDKISIGQLVSLLSNNLNKFDEGLALAHFVWIAPLQVALLMGLIWELLQASAFCGLGFLIVLALFQAGLGRMMMKYRDQRAGKISERLVITSEMIENIQSVKAYCWEEAMEKMIENLRQTELKLTRKAAYVRYFNSSAFFFSGFFVVFLSVLPYALIKGIILRKIFTTISFCIVLRMAVTRQFPWAVQTWYDSLGAINKIQDFLQKQEYKTLEYNLTTTEVVMENVTAFWEETSLLMVIMGELEPSEGKIKHSGRISFCSQFSWIMPGTIKENIIFGVSYDEYRYRSVIKACQLEEDISKFAEKDNIVLGEGGITLSGGQRARISLARAVYKDADLYLLDSPFGYLDVLTEKEIFESCVCKLMANKTRILVTSKMEHLKKADKILILHEGSSYFYGTFSELQNLQPDFSSKLMGCDSFDQFSAERRNSILTETLHRFSLEGDAPVSWTETKKQSFKQTGEFGEKRKNSILNPINSIRKFSIVQKTPLQMNGIEEDSDEPLERRLSLVPDSEQGEAILPRISVISTGPTLQARRRQSVLNLMTHSVNQGQNIHRKTTASTRKVSLAPQANLTELDIYSRRLSQETGLEISEEINEEDLKECFFDDMESIPAVTTWNTYLRYITVHKSLIFVLIWCLVIFLAEVAASLVVLWLLGNTPLQDKGNSTHSRNNSYAVIITSTSSYYVFYIYVGVADTLLAMGFFRGLPLVHTLITVSKILHHKMLHSVLQAPMSTLNTLKAGGILNRFSKDIAILDDLLPLTIFDFIQLLLIVIGAIAVVAVLQPYIFVATVPVIVAFIMLRAYFLQTSQQLKQLESEGRSPIFTHLVTSLKGLWTLRAFGRQPYFETLFHKALNLHTANWFLYLSTLRWFQMRIEMIFVIFFIAVTFISILTTGEGEGRVGIILTLAMNIMSTLQWAVNSSIDVDSLMRSVSRVFKFIDMPTEGKPTKSTKPYKNGQLSKVMIIENSHVKKDDIWPSGGQMTVKDLTAKYTEGGNAILENISFSISPGQRVGLLGRTGSGKSTLLSAFLRLLNTEGEIQIDGVSWDSITLQQWRKAFGVIPQKVFIFSGTFRKNLDPYEQWSDQEIWKVADEVGLRSVIEQFPGKLDFVLVDGGCVLSHGHKQLMCLARSVLSKAKILLLDEPSAHLDPVTYQIIRRTLKQAFADCTVILCEHRIEAMLECQQFLVIEENKVRQYDSIQKLLNERSLFRQAISPSDRVKLFPHRNSSKCKSKPQIAALKEETEEEVQDTRL*|MQRSPLEKASVVSKLFFSWTRPILRKGYRQRLELSDIYQIPSVDSADNLSEKLEREWDRELASKKNPKLINALRRCFFWRFMFYGIFLYLGEVTKAVQPLLLGRIIASYDPDNKEERSIAIYLGIGLCLLFIVRTLLLHPAIFGLHHIGMQMRIAMFSLIYKKTLKLSSRVLDKISIGQLVSLLSNNLNKFDEGLALAHFVWIAPLQVALLMGLIWELLQASAFCGLGFLIVLALFQAGLGRMMMKYRDQRAGKISERLVITSEMIENIQSVKAYCWEEAMEKMIENLRQTELKLTRKAAYVRYFNSSAFFFSGFFVVFLSVLPYALIKGIILRKIFTTISFCIVLRMAVTRQFPWAVQTWYDSLGAINKIQDFLQKQEYKTLEYNLTTTEVVMENVTAFWEETSLLMVIMGELEPSEGKIKHSGRISFCSQFSWIMPGTIKENIIFGVSYDEYRYRSVIKACQLEEDISKFAEKDNIVLGEGGITLSGGQRARISLARAVYKDADLYLLDSPFGYLDVLTEKEIFESCVCKLMANKTRILVTSKMEHLKKADKILILHEGSSYFYGTFSELQNLQPDFSSKLMGCDSFDQFSAERRNSILTETLHRFSLEGDAPVSWTETKKQSFKQTGEFGEKRKNSILNPINSIRKFSIVQKTPLQMNGIEEDSDEPLERRLSLVPDSEQGEAILPRISVISTGPTLQARRRQSVLNLMTHSVNQGQNIHRKTTASTRKVSLAPQANLTELDIYSRRLSQETGLEISEEINEEDLKECFFDDMESIPAVTTWNTYLRYITVHKSLIFVLIWCLVIFLAEVAASLVVLWLLGNTPLQDKGNSTHSRNNSYAVIITSTSSYYVFYIYVGVADTLLAMGFFRGLPLVHTLITVSKILHHKMLHSVLQAPMSTLNTLKAGGILNRFSEDIAILDDLLPLTIFDFIQLLLIVIGAIAVVAVLQPYIFVATVPVIVAFIMLRAYFLQTSQQLKQLESEGRSPIFTHLVTSLKGLWTLRAFGRQPYFETLFHKALNLHTANWFLYLSTLRWFQMRIEMIFVIFFIAVTFISILTTGEGEGRVGIILTLAMNIMSTLQWAVNSSIDVDSLMRSVSRVFKFIDMPTEGKPTKSTKPYKNGQLSKVMIIENSHVKKDDIWPSGGQMTVKDLTAKYTEGGNAILENISFSISPGQRVGLLGRTGSGKSTLLSAFLRLLNTEGEIQIDGVSWDSITLQQWRKAFGVIPQKVFIFSGTFRKNLDPYEQWSDQEIWKVADEVGLRSVIEQFPGKLDFVLVDGGCVLSHGHKQLMCLARSVLSKAKILLLDEPSAHLDPVTYQIIRRTLKQAFADCTVILCEHRIEAMLECQQFLVIEENKVRQYDSIQKLLNERSLFRQAISPSDRVKLFPHRNSSKCKSKPQIAALKEETEEEVQDTRL*
chr7:117606754:G/A:1	chr7	117606754	G|A	1	AC000061.1	ENSG00000083622	ENST00000456270	non-coding intronic	None	None	None	None	None	1765	None
chr7:117606754:G/A:1	chr7	117606754	G|A	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000003084	intronic (splice_site)	None	None	None	None	None	1	None
chr7:117606754:G/A:1	chr7	117606754	G|A	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000426809	intronic (splice_site)	None	None	None	None	None	1	None
chr7:117606754:G/A:1	chr7	117606754	G|A	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000647720	intronic (splice_site)	None	None	None	None	None	1	None
chr7:117606754:G/A:1	chr7	117606754	G|A	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000648260	intronic (splice_site)	None	None	None	None	None	1	None
chr7:117606754:G/A:1	chr7	117606754	G|A	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000649406	intronic (splice_site)	None	None	None	None	None	1	None
chr7:117606754:G/A:1	chr7	117606754	G|A	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000649781	intronic (splice_site)	None	None	None	None	None	1	None
chr7:117610479:A/AGT:1	chr7	117610480	-|GT	1	AC000061.1	ENSG00000083622	ENST00000456270	non-coding intronic	None	None	None	None	None	5491	None
chr7:117610479:A/AGT:1	chr7	117610480	-|GT	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000003084	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	39	None
chr7:117610479:A/AGT:1	chr7	117610480	-|GT	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000426809	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	39	None
chr7:117610479:A/AGT:1	chr7	117610480	-|GT	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000647720	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	39	None
chr7:117610479:A/AGT:1	chr7	117610480	-|GT	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000648260	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	39	None
chr7:117610479:A/AGT:1	chr7	117610480	-|GT	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000649406	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	39	None
chr7:117610479:A/AGT:1	chr7	117610480	-|GT	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000649781	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	39	None
chr7:117610479:A/AGT:1	chr7	117610480	-|GT	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000468795	5upstream	None	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr7:117610489:C/A:1	chr7	117610489	C|A	1	AC000061.1	ENSG00000083622	ENST00000456270	non-coding intronic	None	None	None	None	None	5500	None
chr7:117610489:C/A:1	chr7	117610489	C|A	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000003084	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	30	None
chr7:117610489:C/A:1	chr7	117610489	C|A	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000426809	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	30	None
chr7:117610489:C/A:1	chr7	117610489	C|A	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000647720	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	30	None
chr7:117610489:C/A:1	chr7	117610489	C|A	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000648260	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	30	None
chr7:117610489:C/A:1	chr7	117610489	C|A	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000649406	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	30	None
chr7:117610489:C/A:1	chr7	117610489	C|A	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000649781	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	30	None
chr7:117610489:C/A:1	chr7	117610489	C|A	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000468795	5upstream	None	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr7:117610500:G/T:1	chr7	117610500	G|T	1	AC000061.1	ENSG00000083622	ENST00000456270	non-coding intronic	None	None	None	None	None	5511	None
chr7:117610500:G/T:1	chr7	117610500	G|T	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000003084	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	19	None
chr7:117610500:G/T:1	chr7	117610500	G|T	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000426809	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	19	None
chr7:117610500:G/T:1	chr7	117610500	G|T	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000647720	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	19	None
chr7:117610500:G/T:1	chr7	117610500	G|T	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000648260	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	19	None
chr7:117610500:G/T:1	chr7	117610500	G|T	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000649406	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	19	None
chr7:117610500:G/T:1	chr7	117610500	G|T	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000649781	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	19	None
chr7:117610500:G/T:1	chr7	117610500	G|T	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000468795	5upstream	None	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr7:117610677:A/G:1	chr7	117610677	A|G	1	AC000061.1	ENSG00000083622	ENST00000456270	non-coding intronic	None	None	None	None	None	5552	None
chr7:117610677:A/G:1	chr7	117610677	A|G	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000468795	5upstream	None	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr7:117610677:A/G:1	chr7	117610677	A|G	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000003084	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	8	None
chr7:117610677:A/G:1	chr7	117610677	A|G	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000426809	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	8	None
chr7:117610677:A/G:1	chr7	117610677	A|G	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000647720	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	8	None
chr7:117610677:A/G:1	chr7	117610677	A|G	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000648260	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	8	None
chr7:117610677:A/G:1	chr7	117610677	A|G	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000649406	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	8	None
chr7:117610677:A/G:1	chr7	117610677	A|G	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000649781	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	8	None
chr7:117611539:G/C:1	chr7	117611539	G|C	1	AC000061.1	ENSG00000083622	ENST00000456270	non-coding intronic	None	None	None	None	None	4690	None
chr7:117611539:G/C:1	chr7	117611539	G|C	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000468795	5upstream	None	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr7:117611539:G/C:1	chr7	117611539	G|C	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000003084	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	42	None
chr7:117611539:G/C:1	chr7	117611539	G|C	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000426809	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	42	None
chr7:117611539:G/C:1	chr7	117611539	G|C	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000647720	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	42	None
chr7:117611539:G/C:1	chr7	117611539	G|C	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000648260	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	42	None
chr7:117611539:G/C:1	chr7	117611539	G|C	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000649406	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	42	None
chr7:117611539:G/C:1	chr7	117611539	G|C	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000649781	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	42	None
chr7:117611630:G/GAC:1	chr7	117611631	-|AC	1	AC000061.1	ENSG00000083622	ENST00000456270	non-coding intronic	None	None	None	None	None	4598	None
chr7:117611630:G/GAC:1	chr7	117611631	-|AC	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000003084	coding	3322	3190	1064	T>T	frameshift:stop-gain	None	MQRSPLEKASVVSKLFFSWTRPILRKGYRQRLELSDIYQIPSVDSADNLSEKLEREWDRELASKKNPKLINALRRCFFWRFMFYGIFLYLGEVTKAVQPLLLGRIIASYDPDNKEERSIAIYLGIGLCLLFIVRTLLLHPAIFGLHHIGMQMRIAMFSLIYKKTLKLSSRVLDKISIGQLVSLLSNNLNKFDEGLALAHFVWIAPLQVALLMGLIWELLQASAFCGLGFLIVLALFQAGLGRMMMKYRDQRAGKISERLVITSEMIENIQSVKAYCWEEAMEKMIENLRQTELKLTRKAAYVRYFNSSAFFFSGFFVVFLSVLPYALIKGIILRKIFTTISFCIVLRMAVTRQFPWAVQTWYDSLGAINKIQDFLQKQEYKTLEYNLTTTEVVMENVTAFWEEGFGELFEKAKQNNNNRKTSNGDDSLFFSNFSLLGTPVLKDINFKIERGQLLAVAGSTGAGKTSLLMVIMGELEPSEGKIKHSGRISFCSQFSWIMPGTIKENIIFGVSYDEYRYRSVIKACQLEEDISKFAEKDNIVLGEGGITLSGGQRARISLARAVYKDADLYLLDSPFGYLDVLTEKEIFESCVCKLMANKTRILVTSKMEHLKKADKILILHEGSSYFYGTFSELQNLQPDFSSKLMGCDSFDQFSAERRNSILTETLHRFSLEGDAPVSWTETKKQSFKQTGEFGEKRKNSILNPINSIRKFSIVQKTPLQMNGIEEDSDEPLERRLSLVPDSEQGEAILPRISVISTGPTLQARRRQSVLNLMTHSVNQGQNIHRKTTASTRKVSLAPQANLTELDIYSRRLSQETGLEISEEINEEDLKECFFDDMESIPAVTTWNTYLRYITVHKSLIFVLIWCLVIFLAEVAASLVVLWLLGNTPLQDKGNSTHSRNNSYAVIITSTSSYYVFYIYVGVADTLLAMGFFRGLPLVHTLITVSKILHHKMLHSVLQAPMSTLNTLKAGGILNRFSKDIAILDDLLPLTIFDFIQLLLIVIGAIAVVAVLQPYIFVATVPVIVAFIMLRAYFLQTSQQLKQLESEGRSPIFTHLVTSLKGLWTLRAFGRQPYFETLFHKALNLHTANWFLYLSTLRWFQMRIEMIFVIFFIAVTFISILTTGEGEGRVGIILTLAMNIMSTLQWAVNSSIDVDSLMRSVSRVFKFIDMPTEGKPTKSTKPYKNGQLSKVMIIENSHVKKDDIWPSGGQMTVKDLTAKYTEGGNAILENISFSISPGQRVGLLGRTGSGKSTLLSAFLRLLNTEGEIQIDGVSWDSITLQQWRKAFGVIPQKVFIFSGTFRKNLDPYEQWSDQEIWKVADEVGLRSVIEQFPGKLDFVLVDGGCVLSHGHKQLMCLARSVLSKAKILLLDEPSAHLDPVTYQIIRRTLKQAFADCTVILCEHRIEAMLECQQFLVIEENKVRQYDSIQKLLNERSLFRQAISPSDRVKLFPHRNSSKCKSKPQIAALKEETEEEVQDTRL*|MQRSPLEKASVVSKLFFSWTRPILRKGYRQRLELSDIYQIPSVDSADNLSEKLEREWDRELASKKNPKLINALRRCFFWRFMFYGIFLYLGEVTKAVQPLLLGRIIASYDPDNKEERSIAIYLGIGLCLLFIVRTLLLHPAIFGLHHIGMQMRIAMFSLIYKKTLKLSSRVLDKISIGQLVSLLSNNLNKFDEGLALAHFVWIAPLQVALLMGLIWELLQASAFCGLGFLIVLALFQAGLGRMMMKYRDQRAGKISERLVITSEMIENIQSVKAYCWEEAMEKMIENLRQTELKLTRKAAYVRYFNSSAFFFSGFFVVFLSVLPYALIKGIILRKIFTTISFCIVLRMAVTRQFPWAVQTWYDSLGAINKIQDFLQKQEYKTLEYNLTTTEVVMENVTAFWEEGFGELFEKAKQNNNNRKTSNGDDSLFFSNFSLLGTPVLKDINFKIERGQLLAVAGSTGAGKTSLLMVIMGELEPSEGKIKHSGRISFCSQFSWIMPGTIKENIIFGVSYDEYRYRSVIKACQLEEDISKFAEKDNIVLGEGGITLSGGQRARISLARAVYKDADLYLLDSPFGYLDVLTEKEIFESCVCKLMANKTRILVTSKMEHLKKADKILILHEGSSYFYGTFSELQNLQPDFSSKLMGCDSFDQFSAERRNSILTETLHRFSLEGDAPVSWTETKKQSFKQTGEFGEKRKNSILNPINSIRKFSIVQKTPLQMNGIEEDSDEPLERRLSLVPDSEQGEAILPRISVISTGPTLQARRRQSVLNLMTHSVNQGQNIHRKTTASTRKVSLAPQANLTELDIYSRRLSQETGLEISEEINEEDLKECFFDDMESIPAVTTWNTYLRYITVHKSLIFVLIWCLVIFLAEVAASLVVLWLLGNTPLQDKGNSTHSRNNSYAVIITSTSSYYVFYIYVGVADTLLAMGFFRGLPLVHTLITVSKILHHKMLHSVLQAPMSTLNTLKAGGILNRFSKDIAILDDLLPLTIFDFIQLLLIVIGAIAVVAVLQPYIFVATVPVIVAFIMLRAYFLQTSQQLKQLESEGRSPIFTHLVTSLKGLWTHFVPSDGSLTLKLCSTKL*
chr7:117611630:G/GAC:1	chr7	117611631	-|AC	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000426809	coding	3100	3100	1034	T>T	*frameshift:stop-gain	None	MQRSPLEKASVVSKLFFSWTRPILRKGYRQRLELSDIYQIPSVDSADNLSEKLEREWDRELASKKNPKLINALRRCFFWRFMFYGIFLYLGEVTKAVQPLLLGRIIASYDPDNKEERSIAIYLGIGLCLLFIVRTLLLHPAIFGLHHIGMQMRIAMFSLIYKKGLALAHFVWIAPLQVALLMGLIWELLQASAFCGLGFLIVLALFQAGLGRMMMKYRDQRAGKISERLVITSEMIENIQSVKAYCWEEAMEKMIENLRQTELKLTRKAAYVRYFNSSAFFFSGFFVVFLSVLPYALIKGIILRKIFTTISFCIVLRMAVTRQFPWAVQTWYDSLGAINKIQDFLQKQEYKTLEYNLTTTEVVMENVTAFWEEGFGELFEKAKQNNNNRKTSNGDDSLFFSNFSLLGTPVLKDINFKIERGQLLAVAGSTGAGKTSLLMVIMGELEPSEGKIKHSGRISFCSQFSWIMPGTIKENIIFGVSYDEYRYRSVIKACQLEEDISKFAEKDNIVLGEGGITLSGGQRARISLARAVYKDADLYLLDSPFGYLDVLTEKEIFESCVCKLMANKTRILVTSKMEHLKKADKILILHEGSSYFYGTFSELQNLQPDFSSKLMGCDSFDQFSAERRNSILTETLHRFSLEGDAPVSWTETKKQSFKQTGEFGEKRKNSILNPINSIRKFSIVQKTPLQMNGIEEDSDEPLERRLSLVPDSEQGEAILPRISVISTGPTLQARRRQSVLNLMTHSVNQGQNIHRKTTASTRKVSLAPQANLTELDIYSRRLSQETGLEISEEINEEDLKECFFDDMESIPAVTTWNTYLRYITVHKSLIFVLIWCLVIFLAEVAASLVVLWLLGNTPLQDKGNSTHSRNNSYAVIITSTSSYYVFYIYVGVADTLLAMGFFRGLPLVHTLITVSKILHHKMLHSVLQAPMSTLNTLKAGGILNRFSKDIAILDDLLPLTIFDFIQLLLIVIGAIAVVAVLQPYIFVATVPVIVAFIMLRAYFLQTSQQLKQLESEGRSPIFTHLVTSLKGLWTLRAFGRQPYFETLFHKALNLHTANWFLYLSTLRWFQMRIEMIFVIFFIAVTFISILTTGEGEGRVGIILTLAMNIMSTLQWAVNSSIDVDSLMRSVSRVFKFIDMPTEGKPTKSTKPYKNGQLSKVMIIENSHVKKDDIWPSGGQMTVKDLTAKYTEGGNAILENISFSISPGQRVGLLGRTGSGKSTLLSAFLRLLNTEGEIQIDGVSWDSITLQQWRKAFGVIPQKVFIFSGTFRKNLDPYEQWSDQEIWKVADEVGLRSVIEQFPGKLDFVLVDGGCVLSHGHKQLMCLARSVLSKAKILLLDEPSAHLDPVTYQIIRRTLKQAFADCTVILCEHRIEAMLECQQFLVIEENKVRQYDSIQKLLNERSLFRQAISPSDRVKLFPHRNSSKCKSKPQIAALK|MQRSPLEKASVVSKLFFSWTRPILRKGYRQRLELSDIYQIPSVDSADNLSEKLEREWDRELASKKNPKLINALRRCFFWRFMFYGIFLYLGEVTKAVQPLLLGRIIASYDPDNKEERSIAIYLGIGLCLLFIVRTLLLHPAIFGLHHIGMQMRIAMFSLIYKKGLALAHFVWIAPLQVALLMGLIWELLQASAFCGLGFLIVLALFQAGLGRMMMKYRDQRAGKISERLVITSEMIENIQSVKAYCWEEAMEKMIENLRQTELKLTRKAAYVRYFNSSAFFFSGFFVVFLSVLPYALIKGIILRKIFTTISFCIVLRMAVTRQFPWAVQTWYDSLGAINKIQDFLQKQEYKTLEYNLTTTEVVMENVTAFWEEGFGELFEKAKQNNNNRKTSNGDDSLFFSNFSLLGTPVLKDINFKIERGQLLAVAGSTGAGKTSLLMVIMGELEPSEGKIKHSGRISFCSQFSWIMPGTIKENIIFGVSYDEYRYRSVIKACQLEEDISKFAEKDNIVLGEGGITLSGGQRARISLARAVYKDADLYLLDSPFGYLDVLTEKEIFESCVCKLMANKTRILVTSKMEHLKKADKILILHEGSSYFYGTFSELQNLQPDFSSKLMGCDSFDQFSAERRNSILTETLHRFSLEGDAPVSWTETKKQSFKQTGEFGEKRKNSILNPINSIRKFSIVQKTPLQMNGIEEDSDEPLERRLSLVPDSEQGEAILPRISVISTGPTLQARRRQSVLNLMTHSVNQGQNIHRKTTASTRKVSLAPQANLTELDIYSRRLSQETGLEISEEINEEDLKECFFDDMESIPAVTTWNTYLRYITVHKSLIFVLIWCLVIFLAEVAASLVVLWLLGNTPLQDKGNSTHSRNNSYAVIITSTSSYYVFYIYVGVADTLLAMGFFRGLPLVHTLITVSKILHHKMLHSVLQAPMSTLNTLKAGGILNRFSKDIAILDDLLPLTIFDFIQLLLIVIGAIAVVAVLQPYIFVATVPVIVAFIMLRAYFLQTSQQLKQLESEGRSPIFTHLVTSLKGLWTHFVPSDGSLTLKLCSTKL*
chr7:117611630:G/GAC:1	chr7	117611631	-|AC	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000647720	coding	840	841	281	T>T	frameshift:stop-gain	None	XRKTTASTRKVSLAPQANLTELDIYSRRLSQETGLEISEEINEEDLKECFFDDMESIPAVTTWNTYLRYITVHKSLIFVLIWCLVIFLAEVAASLVVLWLLGNTPLQDKGNSTHSRNNSYAVIITSTSSYYVFYIYVGVADTLLAMGFFRGLPLVHTLITVSKILHHKMLHSVLQAPMSTLNTLKAGGILNRFSKDIAILDDLLPLTIFDFIQLLLIVIGAIAVVAVLQPYIFVATVPVIVAFIMLRAYFLQTSQQLKQLESEGRSPIFTHLVTSLKGLWTLRAFGRQPYFETLFHKALNLHTANWFLYLSTLRWFQMRIEMIFVIFFIAVTFISILTTGEGEGRVGIILTLAMNIMSTLQWAVNSSIDVDSLMRSVSRVFKFIDMPTEGGPLGKNWIREEYFVISFFETTEH*|XRKTTASTRKVSLAPQANLTELDIYSRRLSQETGLEISEEINEEDLKECFFDDMESIPAVTTWNTYLRYITVHKSLIFVLIWCLVIFLAEVAASLVVLWLLGNTPLQDKGNSTHSRNNSYAVIITSTSSYYVFYIYVGVADTLLAMGFFRGLPLVHTLITVSKILHHKMLHSVLQAPMSTLNTLKAGGILNRFSKDIAILDDLLPLTIFDFIQLLLIVIGAIAVVAVLQPYIFVATVPVIVAFIMLRAYFLQTSQQLKQLESEGRSPIFTHLVTSLKGLWTHFVPSDGSLTLKLCSTKL*
chr7:117611630:G/GAC:1	chr7	117611631	-|AC	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000648260	coding	2056	1972	658	T>T	frameshift:stop-gain	None	MQRSPLEKASVVSKLFFSWTRPILRKGYRQRLELSDIYQIPSVDSADNLSEKLEREWDRELASKKNPKLINALRRCFFWRFMFYGIFLYLGEVTKAVQPLLLGRIIASYDPDNKEERSIAIYLGIGLCLLFIVRTLLLHPAIFGLHHIGMQMRIAMFSLIYKKTLKLSSRVLDKISIGQLVSLLSNNLNKFDEGLALAHFVWIAPLQVALLMGLIWELLQASAFCGLGFLIVLALFQAGLGRMMMKYRDQRAGKISERLVITSEMIENIQSVKAYCWEEAMEKMIENLRQTELKLTRKAAYVRYFNSSAFFFSGFFVVFLSVLPYALIKGIILRKIFTTISFCIVLRMAVTRQFPWAVQTWYDSLGAINKIQDFLQKQEYKTLEYNLTTTEVVMENVTAFWEETSLLMVIMGELEPSEGKIKHSGRISFCSQFSWIMPGTIKENIIFGVSYDEYRYRSVIKACQLEEVAASLVVLWLLGNTPLQDKGNSTHSRNNSYAVIITSTSSYYVFYIYVGVADTLLAMGFFRGLPLVHTLITVSKILHHKMLHSVLQAPMSTLNTLKAGGILNRFSKDIAILDDLLPLTIFDFIQLLLIVIGAIAVVAVLQPYIFVATVPVIVAFIMLRAYFLQTSQQLKQLESEGRSPIFTHLVTSLKGLWTLRAFGRQPYFETLFHKALNLHTANWFLYLSTLRWFQMRIEMIFVIFFIAVTFISILTTGEGEGRVGIILTLAMNIMSTLQWAVNSSIDVDSLMRSVSRVFKFIDMPTEGKPTKSTKPYKNGQLSKVMIIENSHVKKDDIWPSGGQMTVKDLTAKYTEGGNAILENISFSISPGQRVRFEHCLLC*|MQRSPLEKASVVSKLFFSWTRPILRKGYRQRLELSDIYQIPSVDSADNLSEKLEREWDRELASKKNPKLINALRRCFFWRFMFYGIFLYLGEVTKAVQPLLLGRIIASYDPDNKEERSIAIYLGIGLCLLFIVRTLLLHPAIFGLHHIGMQMRIAMFSLIYKKTLKLSSRVLDKISIGQLVSLLSNNLNKFDEGLALAHFVWIAPLQVALLMGLIWELLQASAFCGLGFLIVLALFQAGLGRMMMKYRDQRAGKISERLVITSEMIENIQSVKAYCWEEAMEKMIENLRQTELKLTRKAAYVRYFNSSAFFFSGFFVVFLSVLPYALIKGIILRKIFTTISFCIVLRMAVTRQFPWAVQTWYDSLGAINKIQDFLQKQEYKTLEYNLTTTEVVMENVTAFWEETSLLMVIMGELEPSEGKIKHSGRISFCSQFSWIMPGTIKENIIFGVSYDEYRYRSVIKACQLEEVAASLVVLWLLGNTPLQDKGNSTHSRNNSYAVIITSTSSYYVFYIYVGVADTLLAMGFFRGLPLVHTLITVSKILHHKMLHSVLQAPMSTLNTLKAGGILNRFSKDIAILDDLLPLTIFDFIQLLLIVIGAIAVVAVLQPYIFVATVPVIVAFIMLRAYFLQTSQQLKQLESEGRSPIFTHLVTSLKGLWTHFVPSDGSLTLKLCSTKL*
chr7:117611630:G/GAC:1	chr7	117611631	-|AC	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000649406	coding	3091	3007	1003	T>T	frameshift:stop-gain	None	MQRSPLEKASVVSKLFFSWTRPILRKGYRQRLELSDIYQIPSVDSADNLSEKLEREWDRELASKKNPKLINALRRCFFWRFMFYGIFLYLGEVTKAVQPLLLGRIIASYDPDNKEERSIAIYLGIGLCLLFIVRTLLLHPAIFGLHHIGMQMRIAMFSLIYKKTLKLSSRVLDKISIGQLVSLLSNNLNKFDEGLALAHFVWIAPLQVALLMGLIWELLQASAFCGLGFLIVLALFQAGLGRMMMKYRDQRAGKISERLVITSEMIENIQSVKAYCWEEAMEKMIENLRQTELKLTRKAAYVRYFNSSAFFFSGFFVVFLSVLPYALIKGIILRKIFTTISFCIVLRMAVTRQFPWAVQTWYDSLGAINKIQDFLQKQEYKTLEYNLTTTEVVMENVTAFWEETSLLMVIMGELEPSEGKIKHSGRISFCSQFSWIMPGTIKENIIFGVSYDEYRYRSVIKACQLEEDISKFAEKDNIVLGEGGITLSGGQRARISLARAVYKDADLYLLDSPFGYLDVLTEKEIFESCVCKLMANKTRILVTSKMEHLKKADKILILHEGSSYFYGTFSELQNLQPDFSSKLMGCDSFDQFSAERRNSILTETLHRFSLEGDAPVSWTETKKQSFKQTGEFGEKRKNSILNPINSIRKFSIVQKTPLQMNGIEEDSDEPLERRLSLVPDSEQGEAILPRISVISTGPTLQARRRQSVLNLMTHSVNQGQNIHRKTTASTRKVSLAPQANLTELDIYSRRLSQETGLEISEEINEEDLKECFFDDMESIPAVTTWNTYLRYITVHKSLIFVLIWCLVIFLAEVAASLVVLWLLGNTPLQDKGNSTHSRNNSYAVIITSTSSYYVFYIYVGVADTLLAMGFFRGLPLVHTLITVSKILHHKMLHSVLQAPMSTLNTLKAGGILNRFSKDIAILDDLLPLTIFDFIQLLLIVIGAIAVVAVLQPYIFVATVPVIVAFIMLRAYFLQTSQQLKQLESEGRSPIFTHLVTSLKGLWTLRAFGRQPYFETLFHKALNLHTANWFLYLSTLRWFQMRIEMIFVIFFIAVTFISILTTGEGEGRVGIILTLAMNIMSTLQWAVNSSIDVDSLMRSVSRVFKFIDMPTEGKPTKSTKPYKNGQLSKVMIIENSHVKKDDIWPSGGQMTVKDLTAKYTEGGNAILENISFSISPGQRVRFEHCLLC*|MQRSPLEKASVVSKLFFSWTRPILRKGYRQRLELSDIYQIPSVDSADNLSEKLEREWDRELASKKNPKLINALRRCFFWRFMFYGIFLYLGEVTKAVQPLLLGRIIASYDPDNKEERSIAIYLGIGLCLLFIVRTLLLHPAIFGLHHIGMQMRIAMFSLIYKKTLKLSSRVLDKISIGQLVSLLSNNLNKFDEGLALAHFVWIAPLQVALLMGLIWELLQASAFCGLGFLIVLALFQAGLGRMMMKYRDQRAGKISERLVITSEMIENIQSVKAYCWEEAMEKMIENLRQTELKLTRKAAYVRYFNSSAFFFSGFFVVFLSVLPYALIKGIILRKIFTTISFCIVLRMAVTRQFPWAVQTWYDSLGAINKIQDFLQKQEYKTLEYNLTTTEVVMENVTAFWEETSLLMVIMGELEPSEGKIKHSGRISFCSQFSWIMPGTIKENIIFGVSYDEYRYRSVIKACQLEEDISKFAEKDNIVLGEGGITLSGGQRARISLARAVYKDADLYLLDSPFGYLDVLTEKEIFESCVCKLMANKTRILVTSKMEHLKKADKILILHEGSSYFYGTFSELQNLQPDFSSKLMGCDSFDQFSAERRNSILTETLHRFSLEGDAPVSWTETKKQSFKQTGEFGEKRKNSILNPINSIRKFSIVQKTPLQMNGIEEDSDEPLERRLSLVPDSEQGEAILPRISVISTGPTLQARRRQSVLNLMTHSVNQGQNIHRKTTASTRKVSLAPQANLTELDIYSRRLSQETGLEISEEINEEDLKECFFDDMESIPAVTTWNTYLRYITVHKSLIFVLIWCLVIFLAEVAASLVVLWLLGNTPLQDKGNSTHSRNNSYAVIITSTSSYYVFYIYVGVADTLLAMGFFRGLPLVHTLITVSKILHHKMLHSVLQAPMSTLNTLKAGGILNRFSKDIAILDDLLPLTIFDFIQLLLIVIGAIAVVAVLQPYIFVATVPVIVAFIMLRAYFLQTSQQLKQLESEGRSPIFTHLVTSLKGLWTHFVPSDGSLTLKLCSTKL*
chr7:117611630:G/GAC:1	chr7	117611631	-|AC	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000649781	coding	3007	3007	1003	T>T	frameshift:stop-gain	None	MQRSPLEKASVVSKLFFSWTRPILRKGYRQRLELSDIYQIPSVDSADNLSEKLEREWDRELASKKNPKLINALRRCFFWRFMFYGIFLYLGEVTKAVQPLLLGRIIASYDPDNKEERSIAIYLGIGLCLLFIVRTLLLHPAIFGLHHIGMQMRIAMFSLIYKKTLKLSSRVLDKISIGQLVSLLSNNLNKFDEGLALAHFVWIAPLQVALLMGLIWELLQASAFCGLGFLIVLALFQAGLGRMMMKYRDQRAGKISERLVITSEMIENIQSVKAYCWEEAMEKMIENLRQTELKLTRKAAYVRYFNSSAFFFSGFFVVFLSVLPYALIKGIILRKIFTTISFCIVLRMAVTRQFPWAVQTWYDSLGAINKIQDFLQKQEYKTLEYNLTTTEVVMENVTAFWEETSLLMVIMGELEPSEGKIKHSGRISFCSQFSWIMPGTIKENIIFGVSYDEYRYRSVIKACQLEEDISKFAEKDNIVLGEGGITLSGGQRARISLARAVYKDADLYLLDSPFGYLDVLTEKEIFESCVCKLMANKTRILVTSKMEHLKKADKILILHEGSSYFYGTFSELQNLQPDFSSKLMGCDSFDQFSAERRNSILTETLHRFSLEGDAPVSWTETKKQSFKQTGEFGEKRKNSILNPINSIRKFSIVQKTPLQMNGIEEDSDEPLERRLSLVPDSEQGEAILPRISVISTGPTLQARRRQSVLNLMTHSVNQGQNIHRKTTASTRKVSLAPQANLTELDIYSRRLSQETGLEISEEINEEDLKECFFDDMESIPAVTTWNTYLRYITVHKSLIFVLIWCLVIFLAEVAASLVVLWLLGNTPLQDKGNSTHSRNNSYAVIITSTSSYYVFYIYVGVADTLLAMGFFRGLPLVHTLITVSKILHHKMLHSVLQAPMSTLNTLKAGGILNRFSKDIAILDDLLPLTIFDFIQLLLIVIGAIAVVAVLQPYIFVATVPVIVAFIMLRAYFLQTSQQLKQLESEGRSPIFTHLVTSLKGLWTLRAFGRQPYFETLFHKALNLHTANWFLYLSTLRWFQMRIEMIFVIFFIAVTFISILTTGEGEGRVGIILTLAMNIMSTLQWAVNSSIDVDSLMRSVSRVFKFIDMPTEGKPTKSTKPYKNGQLSKVMIIENSHVKKDDIWPSGGQMTVKDLTAKYTEGGNAILENISFSISPGQRVGLLGRTGSGKSTLLSAFLRLLNTEGEIQIDGVSWDSITLQQWRKAFGVIPQKVFIFSGTFRKNLDPYEQWSDQEIWKVADEVGLRSVIEQFPGKLDFVLVDGGCVLSHGHKQLMCLARSVLSKAKILLLDEPSAHLDPVTYQIIRRTLKQAFADCTVILCEHRIEAMLECQQFLVIEENKVRQYDSIQKLLNERSLFRQAISPSDRVKLFPHRNSSKCKSKPQIAALKEETEEEVQDTRL*|MQRSPLEKASVVSKLFFSWTRPILRKGYRQRLELSDIYQIPSVDSADNLSEKLEREWDRELASKKNPKLINALRRCFFWRFMFYGIFLYLGEVTKAVQPLLLGRIIASYDPDNKEERSIAIYLGIGLCLLFIVRTLLLHPAIFGLHHIGMQMRIAMFSLIYKKTLKLSSRVLDKISIGQLVSLLSNNLNKFDEGLALAHFVWIAPLQVALLMGLIWELLQASAFCGLGFLIVLALFQAGLGRMMMKYRDQRAGKISERLVITSEMIENIQSVKAYCWEEAMEKMIENLRQTELKLTRKAAYVRYFNSSAFFFSGFFVVFLSVLPYALIKGIILRKIFTTISFCIVLRMAVTRQFPWAVQTWYDSLGAINKIQDFLQKQEYKTLEYNLTTTEVVMENVTAFWEETSLLMVIMGELEPSEGKIKHSGRISFCSQFSWIMPGTIKENIIFGVSYDEYRYRSVIKACQLEEDISKFAEKDNIVLGEGGITLSGGQRARISLARAVYKDADLYLLDSPFGYLDVLTEKEIFESCVCKLMANKTRILVTSKMEHLKKADKILILHEGSSYFYGTFSELQNLQPDFSSKLMGCDSFDQFSAERRNSILTETLHRFSLEGDAPVSWTETKKQSFKQTGEFGEKRKNSILNPINSIRKFSIVQKTPLQMNGIEEDSDEPLERRLSLVPDSEQGEAILPRISVISTGPTLQARRRQSVLNLMTHSVNQGQNIHRKTTASTRKVSLAPQANLTELDIYSRRLSQETGLEISEEINEEDLKECFFDDMESIPAVTTWNTYLRYITVHKSLIFVLIWCLVIFLAEVAASLVVLWLLGNTPLQDKGNSTHSRNNSYAVIITSTSSYYVFYIYVGVADTLLAMGFFRGLPLVHTLITVSKILHHKMLHSVLQAPMSTLNTLKAGGILNRFSKDIAILDDLLPLTIFDFIQLLLIVIGAIAVVAVLQPYIFVATVPVIVAFIMLRAYFLQTSQQLKQLESEGRSPIFTHLVTSLKGLWTHFVPSDGSLTLKLCSTKL*
chr7:117611630:G/GAC:1	chr7	117611631	-|AC	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000468795	coding	15	16	6	T>T	frameshift:stop-gain	None	XKGLWTLRAFGRQPYFETLFHKALNLHTANWFLYLSTLRWFQMRIEMIFVIFFIAVTFISILTTGEGEGRVGIILTLAMNIMSTLQWAVNSSIDVDSLMRSVSRVFKFIDMPTEGKPTKSTKPYKNGQLSKVMIIENSHVKKDDIWPSGGQMTVKDLTAKYTEGGNAILENISFSISPGQRVRFEHCLLC*|XKGLWTHFVPSDGSLTLKLCSTKL*
chr7:117614532:C/A:1	chr7	117614532	C|A	1	AC000061.1	ENSG00000083622	ENST00000456270	non-coding intronic	None	None	None	None	None	1697	None
chr7:117614532:C/A:1	chr7	117614532	C|A	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000003084	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	81	None
chr7:117614532:C/A:1	chr7	117614532	C|A	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000426809	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	81	None
chr7:117614532:C/A:1	chr7	117614532	C|A	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000468795	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	81	None
chr7:117614532:C/A:1	chr7	117614532	C|A	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000647720	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	81	None
chr7:117614532:C/A:1	chr7	117614532	C|A	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000648260	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	81	None
chr7:117614532:C/A:1	chr7	117614532	C|A	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000649406	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	81	None
chr7:117614532:C/A:1	chr7	117614532	C|A	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000649781	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	81	None
chr7:117614610:TAGGAGA/T:1	chr7	117614611	AGGAGA|-	1	AC000061.1	ENSG00000083622	ENST00000456270	non-coding intronic	None	None	None	None	None	1618	None
chr7:117614610:TAGGAGA/T:1	chr7	117614611	AGGAGA|-	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000003084	intronic (splice_site)	None	None	None	None	intronic-coding	2	None
chr7:117614610:TAGGAGA/T:1	chr7	117614611	AGGAGA|-	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000426809	intronic (splice_site)	None	None	None	None	intronic-coding	2	None
chr7:117614610:TAGGAGA/T:1	chr7	117614611	AGGAGA|-	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000468795	intronic (splice_site)	None	None	None	None	intronic-coding	2	None
chr7:117614610:TAGGAGA/T:1	chr7	117614611	AGGAGA|-	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000647720	intronic (splice_site)	None	None	None	None	intronic-coding	2	None
chr7:117614610:TAGGAGA/T:1	chr7	117614611	AGGAGA|-	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000648260	intronic (splice_site)	None	None	None	None	intronic-coding	2	None
chr7:117614610:TAGGAGA/T:1	chr7	117614611	AGGAGA|-	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000649406	intronic (splice_site)	None	None	None	None	intronic-coding	2	None
chr7:117614610:TAGGAGA/T:1	chr7	117614611	AGGAGA|-	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000649781	intronic (splice_site)	None	None	None	None	intronic-coding	2	None
chr7:117614743:GA/G:1	chr7	117614744	A|-	1	AC000061.1	ENSG00000083622	ENST00000456270	non-coding intronic	None	None	None	None	None	1485	None
chr7:117614743:GA/G:1	chr7	117614744	A|-	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000003084	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	31	None
chr7:117614743:GA/G:1	chr7	117614744	A|-	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000426809	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	31	None
chr7:117614743:GA/G:1	chr7	117614744	A|-	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000468795	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	31	None
chr7:117614743:GA/G:1	chr7	117614744	A|-	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000647720	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	31	None
chr7:117614743:GA/G:1	chr7	117614744	A|-	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000648260	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	31	None
chr7:117614743:GA/G:1	chr7	117614744	A|-	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000649406	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	31	None
chr7:117614743:GA/G:1	chr7	117614744	A|-	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000649781	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	31	None
chr7:117627496:C/CA:1	chr7	117627497	-|A	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000003084	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	25	None
chr7:117627496:C/CA:1	chr7	117627497	-|A	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000426809	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	25	None
chr7:117627496:C/CA:1	chr7	117627497	-|A	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000468795	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	25	None
chr7:117627496:C/CA:1	chr7	117627497	-|A	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000647720	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	25	None
chr7:117627496:C/CA:1	chr7	117627497	-|A	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000648260	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	25	None
chr7:117627496:C/CA:1	chr7	117627497	-|A	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000649406	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	25	None
chr7:117627496:C/CA:1	chr7	117627497	-|A	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000649781	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	25	None
chr7:117627496:C/CA:1	chr7	117627497	-|A	1	AC000061.1	ENSG00000083622	ENST00000456270	non-coding intronic	None	None	None	None	None	11157	None
chr7:117627830:C/G:1	chr7	117627830	C|G	1	AC000061.1	ENSG00000083622	ENST00000456270	non-coding intronic	None	None	None	None	None	11490	None
chr7:117627830:C/G:1	chr7	117627830	C|G	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000647720	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	260	None
chr7:117627830:C/G:1	chr7	117627830	C|G	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000003084	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	60	None
chr7:117627830:C/G:1	chr7	117627830	C|G	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000426809	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	60	None
chr7:117627830:C/G:1	chr7	117627830	C|G	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000649781	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	60	None
chr7:117627830:C/G:1	chr7	117627830	C|G	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000468795	3utr	602	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr7:117627830:C/G:1	chr7	117627830	C|G	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000648260	3utr	2643	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr7:117627830:C/G:1	chr7	117627830	C|G	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000649406	3utr	3678	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr7:117627835:GC/G:1	chr7	117627836	C|-	1	AC000061.1	ENSG00000083622	ENST00000456270	non-coding intronic	None	None	None	None	None	11496	None
chr7:117627835:GC/G:1	chr7	117627836	C|-	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000647720	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	266	None
chr7:117627835:GC/G:1	chr7	117627836	C|-	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000003084	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	66	None
chr7:117627835:GC/G:1	chr7	117627836	C|-	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000426809	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	66	None
chr7:117627835:GC/G:1	chr7	117627836	C|-	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000649781	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	66	None
chr7:117627835:GC/G:1	chr7	117627836	C|-	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000468795	3utr	608	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr7:117627835:GC/G:1	chr7	117627836	C|-	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000648260	3utr	2649	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr7:117627835:GC/G:1	chr7	117627836	C|-	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000649406	3utr	3684	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr7:117627860:T/TG:1	chr7	117627861	-|G	1	AC000061.1	ENSG00000083622	ENST00000456270	non-coding intronic	None	None	None	None	None	11521	None
chr7:117627860:T/TG:1	chr7	117627861	-|G	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000647720	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	291	None
chr7:117627860:T/TG:1	chr7	117627861	-|G	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000003084	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	91	None
chr7:117627860:T/TG:1	chr7	117627861	-|G	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000426809	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	91	None
chr7:117627860:T/TG:1	chr7	117627861	-|G	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000649781	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	91	None
chr7:117627860:T/TG:1	chr7	117627861	-|G	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000468795	3utr	633	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr7:117627860:T/TG:1	chr7	117627861	-|G	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000648260	3utr	2674	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr7:117627860:T/TG:1	chr7	117627861	-|G	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000649406	3utr	3709	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr7:117627865:T/A:1	chr7	117627865	T|A	1	AC000061.1	ENSG00000083622	ENST00000456270	non-coding intronic	None	None	None	None	None	11525	None
chr7:117627865:T/A:1	chr7	117627865	T|A	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000647720	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	295	None
chr7:117627865:T/A:1	chr7	117627865	T|A	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000003084	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	95	None
chr7:117627865:T/A:1	chr7	117627865	T|A	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000426809	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	95	None
chr7:117627865:T/A:1	chr7	117627865	T|A	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000649781	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	95	None
chr7:117627865:T/A:1	chr7	117627865	T|A	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000468795	3utr	637	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr7:117627865:T/A:1	chr7	117627865	T|A	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000648260	3utr	2678	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr7:117627865:T/A:1	chr7	117627865	T|A	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000649406	3utr	3713	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr7:117627871:T/A:1	chr7	117627871	T|A	1	AC000061.1	ENSG00000083622	ENST00000456270	non-coding intronic	None	None	None	None	None	11531	None
chr7:117627871:T/A:1	chr7	117627871	T|A	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000647720	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	301	None
chr7:117627871:T/A:1	chr7	117627871	T|A	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000003084	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	101	None
chr7:117627871:T/A:1	chr7	117627871	T|A	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000426809	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	101	None
chr7:117627871:T/A:1	chr7	117627871	T|A	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000649781	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	101	None
chr7:117627871:T/A:1	chr7	117627871	T|A	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000468795	3utr	643	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr7:117627871:T/A:1	chr7	117627871	T|A	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000648260	3utr	2684	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr7:117627871:T/A:1	chr7	117627871	T|A	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000649406	3utr	3719	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr7:117627876:C/A:1	chr7	117627876	C|A	1	AC000061.1	ENSG00000083622	ENST00000456270	non-coding intronic	None	None	None	None	None	11536	None
chr7:117627876:C/A:1	chr7	117627876	C|A	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000647720	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	306	None
chr7:117627876:C/A:1	chr7	117627876	C|A	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000003084	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	106	None
chr7:117627876:C/A:1	chr7	117627876	C|A	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000426809	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	106	None
chr7:117627876:C/A:1	chr7	117627876	C|A	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000649781	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	106	None
chr7:117627876:C/A:1	chr7	117627876	C|A	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000468795	3utr	648	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr7:117627876:C/A:1	chr7	117627876	C|A	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000648260	3utr	2689	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr7:117627876:C/A:1	chr7	117627876	C|A	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000649406	3utr	3724	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr7:117627883:A/T:1	chr7	117627883	A|T	1	AC000061.1	ENSG00000083622	ENST00000456270	non-coding intronic	None	None	None	None	None	11543	None
chr7:117627883:A/T:1	chr7	117627883	A|T	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000647720	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	313	None
chr7:117627883:A/T:1	chr7	117627883	A|T	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000003084	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	113	None
chr7:117627883:A/T:1	chr7	117627883	A|T	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000426809	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	113	None
chr7:117627883:A/T:1	chr7	117627883	A|T	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000649781	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	113	None
chr7:117627883:A/T:1	chr7	117627883	A|T	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000468795	3utr	655	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr7:117627883:A/T:1	chr7	117627883	A|T	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000648260	3utr	2696	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr7:117627883:A/T:1	chr7	117627883	A|T	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000649406	3utr	3731	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr7:117627905:T/C:1	chr7	117627905	T|C	1	AC000061.1	ENSG00000083622	ENST00000456270	non-coding intronic	None	None	None	None	None	11565	None
chr7:117627905:T/C:1	chr7	117627905	T|C	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000647720	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	335	None
chr7:117627905:T/C:1	chr7	117627905	T|C	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000003084	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	135	None
chr7:117627905:T/C:1	chr7	117627905	T|C	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000426809	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	135	None
chr7:117627905:T/C:1	chr7	117627905	T|C	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000649781	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	135	None
chr7:117627905:T/C:1	chr7	117627905	T|C	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000468795	3utr	677	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr7:117627905:T/C:1	chr7	117627905	T|C	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000648260	3utr	2718	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr7:117627905:T/C:1	chr7	117627905	T|C	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000649406	3utr	3753	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr7:117642418:C/A:1	chr7	117642418	C|A	1	AC000061.1	ENSG00000083622	ENST00000456270	non-coding intronic	None	None	None	None	None	4933	None
chr7:117642418:C/A:1	chr7	117642418	C|A	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000647720	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	20	None
chr7:117642418:C/A:1	chr7	117642418	C|A	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000003084	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	20	None
chr7:117642418:C/A:1	chr7	117642418	C|A	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000426809	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	20	None
chr7:117642418:C/A:1	chr7	117642418	C|A	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000649781	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	20	None
chr7:117642448:T/C:1	chr7	117642448	T|C	1	AC000061.1	ENSG00000083622	ENST00000456270	non-coding intronic	None	None	None	None	None	4903	None
chr7:117642448:T/C:1	chr7	117642448	T|C	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000647720	coding	1178	1179	393	L>L	syn	None	XRKTTASTRKVSLAPQANLTELDIYSRRLSQETGLEISEEINEEDLKECFFDDMESIPAVTTWNTYLRYITVHKSLIFVLIWCLVIFLAEVAASLVVLWLLGNTPLQDKGNSTHSRNNSYAVIITSTSSYYVFYIYVGVADTLLAMGFFRGLPLVHTLITVSKILHHKMLHSVLQAPMSTLNTLKAGGILNRFSKDIAILDDLLPLTIFDFIQLLLIVIGAIAVVAVLQPYIFVATVPVIVAFIMLRAYFLQTSQQLKQLESEGRSPIFTHLVTSLKGLWTLRAFGRQPYFETLFHKALNLHTANWFLYLSTLRWFQMRIEMIFVIFFIAVTFISILTTGEGEGRVGIILTLAMNIMSTLQWAVNSSIDVDSLMRSVSRVFKFIDMPTEGGPLGKNWIREEYFVISFFETTEH*
chr7:117642448:T/C:1	chr7	117642448	T|C	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000003084	coding	3860	3728	1243	L>S	nonsyn	None	MQRSPLEKASVVSKLFFSWTRPILRKGYRQRLELSDIYQIPSVDSADNLSEKLEREWDRELASKKNPKLINALRRCFFWRFMFYGIFLYLGEVTKAVQPLLLGRIIASYDPDNKEERSIAIYLGIGLCLLFIVRTLLLHPAIFGLHHIGMQMRIAMFSLIYKKTLKLSSRVLDKISIGQLVSLLSNNLNKFDEGLALAHFVWIAPLQVALLMGLIWELLQASAFCGLGFLIVLALFQAGLGRMMMKYRDQRAGKISERLVITSEMIENIQSVKAYCWEEAMEKMIENLRQTELKLTRKAAYVRYFNSSAFFFSGFFVVFLSVLPYALIKGIILRKIFTTISFCIVLRMAVTRQFPWAVQTWYDSLGAINKIQDFLQKQEYKTLEYNLTTTEVVMENVTAFWEEGFGELFEKAKQNNNNRKTSNGDDSLFFSNFSLLGTPVLKDINFKIERGQLLAVAGSTGAGKTSLLMVIMGELEPSEGKIKHSGRISFCSQFSWIMPGTIKENIIFGVSYDEYRYRSVIKACQLEEDISKFAEKDNIVLGEGGITLSGGQRARISLARAVYKDADLYLLDSPFGYLDVLTEKEIFESCVCKLMANKTRILVTSKMEHLKKADKILILHEGSSYFYGTFSELQNLQPDFSSKLMGCDSFDQFSAERRNSILTETLHRFSLEGDAPVSWTETKKQSFKQTGEFGEKRKNSILNPINSIRKFSIVQKTPLQMNGIEEDSDEPLERRLSLVPDSEQGEAILPRISVISTGPTLQARRRQSVLNLMTHSVNQGQNIHRKTTASTRKVSLAPQANLTELDIYSRRLSQETGLEISEEINEEDLKECFFDDMESIPAVTTWNTYLRYITVHKSLIFVLIWCLVIFLAEVAASLVVLWLLGNTPLQDKGNSTHSRNNSYAVIITSTSSYYVFYIYVGVADTLLAMGFFRGLPLVHTLITVSKILHHKMLHSVLQAPMSTLNTLKAGGILNRFSKDIAILDDLLPLTIFDFIQLLLIVIGAIAVVAVLQPYIFVATVPVIVAFIMLRAYFLQTSQQLKQLESEGRSPIFTHLVTSLKGLWTLRAFGRQPYFETLFHKALNLHTANWFLYLSTLRWFQMRIEMIFVIFFIAVTFISILTTGEGEGRVGIILTLAMNIMSTLQWAVNSSIDVDSLMRSVSRVFKFIDMPTEGKPTKSTKPYKNGQLSKVMIIENSHVKKDDIWPSGGQMTVKDLTAKYTEGGNAILENISFSISPGQRVGLLGRTGSGKSTLLSAFLRLLNTEGEIQIDGVSWDSITLQQWRKAFGVIPQKVFIFSGTFRKNLDPYEQWSDQEIWKVADEVGLRSVIEQFPGKLDFVLVDGGCVLSHGHKQLMCLARSVLSKAKILLLDEPSAHLDPVTYQIIRRTLKQAFADCTVILCEHRIEAMLECQQFLVIEENKVRQYDSIQKLLNERSLFRQAISPSDRVKLFPHRNSSKCKSKPQIAALKEETEEEVQDTRL*|MQRSPLEKASVVSKLFFSWTRPILRKGYRQRLELSDIYQIPSVDSADNLSEKLEREWDRELASKKNPKLINALRRCFFWRFMFYGIFLYLGEVTKAVQPLLLGRIIASYDPDNKEERSIAIYLGIGLCLLFIVRTLLLHPAIFGLHHIGMQMRIAMFSLIYKKTLKLSSRVLDKISIGQLVSLLSNNLNKFDEGLALAHFVWIAPLQVALLMGLIWELLQASAFCGLGFLIVLALFQAGLGRMMMKYRDQRAGKISERLVITSEMIENIQSVKAYCWEEAMEKMIENLRQTELKLTRKAAYVRYFNSSAFFFSGFFVVFLSVLPYALIKGIILRKIFTTISFCIVLRMAVTRQFPWAVQTWYDSLGAINKIQDFLQKQEYKTLEYNLTTTEVVMENVTAFWEEGFGELFEKAKQNNNNRKTSNGDDSLFFSNFSLLGTPVLKDINFKIERGQLLAVAGSTGAGKTSLLMVIMGELEPSEGKIKHSGRISFCSQFSWIMPGTIKENIIFGVSYDEYRYRSVIKACQLEEDISKFAEKDNIVLGEGGITLSGGQRARISLARAVYKDADLYLLDSPFGYLDVLTEKEIFESCVCKLMANKTRILVTSKMEHLKKADKILILHEGSSYFYGTFSELQNLQPDFSSKLMGCDSFDQFSAERRNSILTETLHRFSLEGDAPVSWTETKKQSFKQTGEFGEKRKNSILNPINSIRKFSIVQKTPLQMNGIEEDSDEPLERRLSLVPDSEQGEAILPRISVISTGPTLQARRRQSVLNLMTHSVNQGQNIHRKTTASTRKVSLAPQANLTELDIYSRRLSQETGLEISEEINEEDLKECFFDDMESIPAVTTWNTYLRYITVHKSLIFVLIWCLVIFLAEVAASLVVLWLLGNTPLQDKGNSTHSRNNSYAVIITSTSSYYVFYIYVGVADTLLAMGFFRGLPLVHTLITVSKILHHKMLHSVLQAPMSTLNTLKAGGILNRFSKDIAILDDLLPLTIFDFIQLLLIVIGAIAVVAVLQPYIFVATVPVIVAFIMLRAYFLQTSQQLKQLESEGRSPIFTHLVTSLKGLWTLRAFGRQPYFETLFHKALNLHTANWFLYLSTLRWFQMRIEMIFVIFFIAVTFISILTTGEGEGRVGIILTLAMNIMSTLQWAVNSSIDVDSLMRSVSRVFKFIDMPTEGKPTKSTKPYKNGQLSKVMIIENSHVKKDDIWPSGGQMTVKDLTAKYTEGGNAILENISFSISPGQRVGLSGRTGSGKSTLLSAFLRLLNTEGEIQIDGVSWDSITLQQWRKAFGVIPQKVFIFSGTFRKNLDPYEQWSDQEIWKVADEVGLRSVIEQFPGKLDFVLVDGGCVLSHGHKQLMCLARSVLSKAKILLLDEPSAHLDPVTYQIIRRTLKQAFADCTVILCEHRIEAMLECQQFLVIEENKVRQYDSIQKLLNERSLFRQAISPSDRVKLFPHRNSSKCKSKPQIAALKEETEEEVQDTRL*
chr7:117642448:T/C:1	chr7	117642448	T|C	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000426809	coding	3638	3638	1213	L>S	*nonsyn	None	MQRSPLEKASVVSKLFFSWTRPILRKGYRQRLELSDIYQIPSVDSADNLSEKLEREWDRELASKKNPKLINALRRCFFWRFMFYGIFLYLGEVTKAVQPLLLGRIIASYDPDNKEERSIAIYLGIGLCLLFIVRTLLLHPAIFGLHHIGMQMRIAMFSLIYKKGLALAHFVWIAPLQVALLMGLIWELLQASAFCGLGFLIVLALFQAGLGRMMMKYRDQRAGKISERLVITSEMIENIQSVKAYCWEEAMEKMIENLRQTELKLTRKAAYVRYFNSSAFFFSGFFVVFLSVLPYALIKGIILRKIFTTISFCIVLRMAVTRQFPWAVQTWYDSLGAINKIQDFLQKQEYKTLEYNLTTTEVVMENVTAFWEEGFGELFEKAKQNNNNRKTSNGDDSLFFSNFSLLGTPVLKDINFKIERGQLLAVAGSTGAGKTSLLMVIMGELEPSEGKIKHSGRISFCSQFSWIMPGTIKENIIFGVSYDEYRYRSVIKACQLEEDISKFAEKDNIVLGEGGITLSGGQRARISLARAVYKDADLYLLDSPFGYLDVLTEKEIFESCVCKLMANKTRILVTSKMEHLKKADKILILHEGSSYFYGTFSELQNLQPDFSSKLMGCDSFDQFSAERRNSILTETLHRFSLEGDAPVSWTETKKQSFKQTGEFGEKRKNSILNPINSIRKFSIVQKTPLQMNGIEEDSDEPLERRLSLVPDSEQGEAILPRISVISTGPTLQARRRQSVLNLMTHSVNQGQNIHRKTTASTRKVSLAPQANLTELDIYSRRLSQETGLEISEEINEEDLKECFFDDMESIPAVTTWNTYLRYITVHKSLIFVLIWCLVIFLAEVAASLVVLWLLGNTPLQDKGNSTHSRNNSYAVIITSTSSYYVFYIYVGVADTLLAMGFFRGLPLVHTLITVSKILHHKMLHSVLQAPMSTLNTLKAGGILNRFSKDIAILDDLLPLTIFDFIQLLLIVIGAIAVVAVLQPYIFVATVPVIVAFIMLRAYFLQTSQQLKQLESEGRSPIFTHLVTSLKGLWTLRAFGRQPYFETLFHKALNLHTANWFLYLSTLRWFQMRIEMIFVIFFIAVTFISILTTGEGEGRVGIILTLAMNIMSTLQWAVNSSIDVDSLMRSVSRVFKFIDMPTEGKPTKSTKPYKNGQLSKVMIIENSHVKKDDIWPSGGQMTVKDLTAKYTEGGNAILENISFSISPGQRVGLLGRTGSGKSTLLSAFLRLLNTEGEIQIDGVSWDSITLQQWRKAFGVIPQKVFIFSGTFRKNLDPYEQWSDQEIWKVADEVGLRSVIEQFPGKLDFVLVDGGCVLSHGHKQLMCLARSVLSKAKILLLDEPSAHLDPVTYQIIRRTLKQAFADCTVILCEHRIEAMLECQQFLVIEENKVRQYDSIQKLLNERSLFRQAISPSDRVKLFPHRNSSKCKSKPQIAALK|MQRSPLEKASVVSKLFFSWTRPILRKGYRQRLELSDIYQIPSVDSADNLSEKLEREWDRELASKKNPKLINALRRCFFWRFMFYGIFLYLGEVTKAVQPLLLGRIIASYDPDNKEERSIAIYLGIGLCLLFIVRTLLLHPAIFGLHHIGMQMRIAMFSLIYKKGLALAHFVWIAPLQVALLMGLIWELLQASAFCGLGFLIVLALFQAGLGRMMMKYRDQRAGKISERLVITSEMIENIQSVKAYCWEEAMEKMIENLRQTELKLTRKAAYVRYFNSSAFFFSGFFVVFLSVLPYALIKGIILRKIFTTISFCIVLRMAVTRQFPWAVQTWYDSLGAINKIQDFLQKQEYKTLEYNLTTTEVVMENVTAFWEEGFGELFEKAKQNNNNRKTSNGDDSLFFSNFSLLGTPVLKDINFKIERGQLLAVAGSTGAGKTSLLMVIMGELEPSEGKIKHSGRISFCSQFSWIMPGTIKENIIFGVSYDEYRYRSVIKACQLEEDISKFAEKDNIVLGEGGITLSGGQRARISLARAVYKDADLYLLDSPFGYLDVLTEKEIFESCVCKLMANKTRILVTSKMEHLKKADKILILHEGSSYFYGTFSELQNLQPDFSSKLMGCDSFDQFSAERRNSILTETLHRFSLEGDAPVSWTETKKQSFKQTGEFGEKRKNSILNPINSIRKFSIVQKTPLQMNGIEEDSDEPLERRLSLVPDSEQGEAILPRISVISTGPTLQARRRQSVLNLMTHSVNQGQNIHRKTTASTRKVSLAPQANLTELDIYSRRLSQETGLEISEEINEEDLKECFFDDMESIPAVTTWNTYLRYITVHKSLIFVLIWCLVIFLAEVAASLVVLWLLGNTPLQDKGNSTHSRNNSYAVIITSTSSYYVFYIYVGVADTLLAMGFFRGLPLVHTLITVSKILHHKMLHSVLQAPMSTLNTLKAGGILNRFSKDIAILDDLLPLTIFDFIQLLLIVIGAIAVVAVLQPYIFVATVPVIVAFIMLRAYFLQTSQQLKQLESEGRSPIFTHLVTSLKGLWTLRAFGRQPYFETLFHKALNLHTANWFLYLSTLRWFQMRIEMIFVIFFIAVTFISILTTGEGEGRVGIILTLAMNIMSTLQWAVNSSIDVDSLMRSVSRVFKFIDMPTEGKPTKSTKPYKNGQLSKVMIIENSHVKKDDIWPSGGQMTVKDLTAKYTEGGNAILENISFSISPGQRVGLSGRTGSGKSTLLSAFLRLLNTEGEIQIDGVSWDSITLQQWRKAFGVIPQKVFIFSGTFRKNLDPYEQWSDQEIWKVADEVGLRSVIEQFPGKLDFVLVDGGCVLSHGHKQLMCLARSVLSKAKILLLDEPSAHLDPVTYQIIRRTLKQAFADCTVILCEHRIEAMLECQQFLVIEENKVRQYDSIQKLLNERSLFRQAISPSDRVKLFPHRNSSKCKSKPQIAALK
chr7:117642448:T/C:1	chr7	117642448	T|C	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000649781	coding	3545	3545	1182	L>S	nonsyn	None	MQRSPLEKASVVSKLFFSWTRPILRKGYRQRLELSDIYQIPSVDSADNLSEKLEREWDRELASKKNPKLINALRRCFFWRFMFYGIFLYLGEVTKAVQPLLLGRIIASYDPDNKEERSIAIYLGIGLCLLFIVRTLLLHPAIFGLHHIGMQMRIAMFSLIYKKTLKLSSRVLDKISIGQLVSLLSNNLNKFDEGLALAHFVWIAPLQVALLMGLIWELLQASAFCGLGFLIVLALFQAGLGRMMMKYRDQRAGKISERLVITSEMIENIQSVKAYCWEEAMEKMIENLRQTELKLTRKAAYVRYFNSSAFFFSGFFVVFLSVLPYALIKGIILRKIFTTISFCIVLRMAVTRQFPWAVQTWYDSLGAINKIQDFLQKQEYKTLEYNLTTTEVVMENVTAFWEETSLLMVIMGELEPSEGKIKHSGRISFCSQFSWIMPGTIKENIIFGVSYDEYRYRSVIKACQLEEDISKFAEKDNIVLGEGGITLSGGQRARISLARAVYKDADLYLLDSPFGYLDVLTEKEIFESCVCKLMANKTRILVTSKMEHLKKADKILILHEGSSYFYGTFSELQNLQPDFSSKLMGCDSFDQFSAERRNSILTETLHRFSLEGDAPVSWTETKKQSFKQTGEFGEKRKNSILNPINSIRKFSIVQKTPLQMNGIEEDSDEPLERRLSLVPDSEQGEAILPRISVISTGPTLQARRRQSVLNLMTHSVNQGQNIHRKTTASTRKVSLAPQANLTELDIYSRRLSQETGLEISEEINEEDLKECFFDDMESIPAVTTWNTYLRYITVHKSLIFVLIWCLVIFLAEVAASLVVLWLLGNTPLQDKGNSTHSRNNSYAVIITSTSSYYVFYIYVGVADTLLAMGFFRGLPLVHTLITVSKILHHKMLHSVLQAPMSTLNTLKAGGILNRFSKDIAILDDLLPLTIFDFIQLLLIVIGAIAVVAVLQPYIFVATVPVIVAFIMLRAYFLQTSQQLKQLESEGRSPIFTHLVTSLKGLWTLRAFGRQPYFETLFHKALNLHTANWFLYLSTLRWFQMRIEMIFVIFFIAVTFISILTTGEGEGRVGIILTLAMNIMSTLQWAVNSSIDVDSLMRSVSRVFKFIDMPTEGKPTKSTKPYKNGQLSKVMIIENSHVKKDDIWPSGGQMTVKDLTAKYTEGGNAILENISFSISPGQRVGLLGRTGSGKSTLLSAFLRLLNTEGEIQIDGVSWDSITLQQWRKAFGVIPQKVFIFSGTFRKNLDPYEQWSDQEIWKVADEVGLRSVIEQFPGKLDFVLVDGGCVLSHGHKQLMCLARSVLSKAKILLLDEPSAHLDPVTYQIIRRTLKQAFADCTVILCEHRIEAMLECQQFLVIEENKVRQYDSIQKLLNERSLFRQAISPSDRVKLFPHRNSSKCKSKPQIAALKEETEEEVQDTRL*|MQRSPLEKASVVSKLFFSWTRPILRKGYRQRLELSDIYQIPSVDSADNLSEKLEREWDRELASKKNPKLINALRRCFFWRFMFYGIFLYLGEVTKAVQPLLLGRIIASYDPDNKEERSIAIYLGIGLCLLFIVRTLLLHPAIFGLHHIGMQMRIAMFSLIYKKTLKLSSRVLDKISIGQLVSLLSNNLNKFDEGLALAHFVWIAPLQVALLMGLIWELLQASAFCGLGFLIVLALFQAGLGRMMMKYRDQRAGKISERLVITSEMIENIQSVKAYCWEEAMEKMIENLRQTELKLTRKAAYVRYFNSSAFFFSGFFVVFLSVLPYALIKGIILRKIFTTISFCIVLRMAVTRQFPWAVQTWYDSLGAINKIQDFLQKQEYKTLEYNLTTTEVVMENVTAFWEETSLLMVIMGELEPSEGKIKHSGRISFCSQFSWIMPGTIKENIIFGVSYDEYRYRSVIKACQLEEDISKFAEKDNIVLGEGGITLSGGQRARISLARAVYKDADLYLLDSPFGYLDVLTEKEIFESCVCKLMANKTRILVTSKMEHLKKADKILILHEGSSYFYGTFSELQNLQPDFSSKLMGCDSFDQFSAERRNSILTETLHRFSLEGDAPVSWTETKKQSFKQTGEFGEKRKNSILNPINSIRKFSIVQKTPLQMNGIEEDSDEPLERRLSLVPDSEQGEAILPRISVISTGPTLQARRRQSVLNLMTHSVNQGQNIHRKTTASTRKVSLAPQANLTELDIYSRRLSQETGLEISEEINEEDLKECFFDDMESIPAVTTWNTYLRYITVHKSLIFVLIWCLVIFLAEVAASLVVLWLLGNTPLQDKGNSTHSRNNSYAVIITSTSSYYVFYIYVGVADTLLAMGFFRGLPLVHTLITVSKILHHKMLHSVLQAPMSTLNTLKAGGILNRFSKDIAILDDLLPLTIFDFIQLLLIVIGAIAVVAVLQPYIFVATVPVIVAFIMLRAYFLQTSQQLKQLESEGRSPIFTHLVTSLKGLWTLRAFGRQPYFETLFHKALNLHTANWFLYLSTLRWFQMRIEMIFVIFFIAVTFISILTTGEGEGRVGIILTLAMNIMSTLQWAVNSSIDVDSLMRSVSRVFKFIDMPTEGKPTKSTKPYKNGQLSKVMIIENSHVKKDDIWPSGGQMTVKDLTAKYTEGGNAILENISFSISPGQRVGLSGRTGSGKSTLLSAFLRLLNTEGEIQIDGVSWDSITLQQWRKAFGVIPQKVFIFSGTFRKNLDPYEQWSDQEIWKVADEVGLRSVIEQFPGKLDFVLVDGGCVLSHGHKQLMCLARSVLSKAKILLLDEPSAHLDPVTYQIIRRTLKQAFADCTVILCEHRIEAMLECQQFLVIEENKVRQYDSIQKLLNERSLFRQAISPSDRVKLFPHRNSSKCKSKPQIAALKEETEEEVQDTRL*
chr7:117642553:C/T:1	chr7	117642553	C|T	1	AC000061.1	ENSG00000083622	ENST00000456270	non-coding intronic	None	None	None	None	None	4798	None
chr7:117642553:C/T:1	chr7	117642553	C|T	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000003084	coding	3965	3833	1278	T>I	nonsyn	None	MQRSPLEKASVVSKLFFSWTRPILRKGYRQRLELSDIYQIPSVDSADNLSEKLEREWDRELASKKNPKLINALRRCFFWRFMFYGIFLYLGEVTKAVQPLLLGRIIASYDPDNKEERSIAIYLGIGLCLLFIVRTLLLHPAIFGLHHIGMQMRIAMFSLIYKKTLKLSSRVLDKISIGQLVSLLSNNLNKFDEGLALAHFVWIAPLQVALLMGLIWELLQASAFCGLGFLIVLALFQAGLGRMMMKYRDQRAGKISERLVITSEMIENIQSVKAYCWEEAMEKMIENLRQTELKLTRKAAYVRYFNSSAFFFSGFFVVFLSVLPYALIKGIILRKIFTTISFCIVLRMAVTRQFPWAVQTWYDSLGAINKIQDFLQKQEYKTLEYNLTTTEVVMENVTAFWEEGFGELFEKAKQNNNNRKTSNGDDSLFFSNFSLLGTPVLKDINFKIERGQLLAVAGSTGAGKTSLLMVIMGELEPSEGKIKHSGRISFCSQFSWIMPGTIKENIIFGVSYDEYRYRSVIKACQLEEDISKFAEKDNIVLGEGGITLSGGQRARISLARAVYKDADLYLLDSPFGYLDVLTEKEIFESCVCKLMANKTRILVTSKMEHLKKADKILILHEGSSYFYGTFSELQNLQPDFSSKLMGCDSFDQFSAERRNSILTETLHRFSLEGDAPVSWTETKKQSFKQTGEFGEKRKNSILNPINSIRKFSIVQKTPLQMNGIEEDSDEPLERRLSLVPDSEQGEAILPRISVISTGPTLQARRRQSVLNLMTHSVNQGQNIHRKTTASTRKVSLAPQANLTELDIYSRRLSQETGLEISEEINEEDLKECFFDDMESIPAVTTWNTYLRYITVHKSLIFVLIWCLVIFLAEVAASLVVLWLLGNTPLQDKGNSTHSRNNSYAVIITSTSSYYVFYIYVGVADTLLAMGFFRGLPLVHTLITVSKILHHKMLHSVLQAPMSTLNTLKAGGILNRFSKDIAILDDLLPLTIFDFIQLLLIVIGAIAVVAVLQPYIFVATVPVIVAFIMLRAYFLQTSQQLKQLESEGRSPIFTHLVTSLKGLWTLRAFGRQPYFETLFHKALNLHTANWFLYLSTLRWFQMRIEMIFVIFFIAVTFISILTTGEGEGRVGIILTLAMNIMSTLQWAVNSSIDVDSLMRSVSRVFKFIDMPTEGKPTKSTKPYKNGQLSKVMIIENSHVKKDDIWPSGGQMTVKDLTAKYTEGGNAILENISFSISPGQRVGLLGRTGSGKSTLLSAFLRLLNTEGEIQIDGVSWDSITLQQWRKAFGVIPQKVFIFSGTFRKNLDPYEQWSDQEIWKVADEVGLRSVIEQFPGKLDFVLVDGGCVLSHGHKQLMCLARSVLSKAKILLLDEPSAHLDPVTYQIIRRTLKQAFADCTVILCEHRIEAMLECQQFLVIEENKVRQYDSIQKLLNERSLFRQAISPSDRVKLFPHRNSSKCKSKPQIAALKEETEEEVQDTRL*|MQRSPLEKASVVSKLFFSWTRPILRKGYRQRLELSDIYQIPSVDSADNLSEKLEREWDRELASKKNPKLINALRRCFFWRFMFYGIFLYLGEVTKAVQPLLLGRIIASYDPDNKEERSIAIYLGIGLCLLFIVRTLLLHPAIFGLHHIGMQMRIAMFSLIYKKTLKLSSRVLDKISIGQLVSLLSNNLNKFDEGLALAHFVWIAPLQVALLMGLIWELLQASAFCGLGFLIVLALFQAGLGRMMMKYRDQRAGKISERLVITSEMIENIQSVKAYCWEEAMEKMIENLRQTELKLTRKAAYVRYFNSSAFFFSGFFVVFLSVLPYALIKGIILRKIFTTISFCIVLRMAVTRQFPWAVQTWYDSLGAINKIQDFLQKQEYKTLEYNLTTTEVVMENVTAFWEEGFGELFEKAKQNNNNRKTSNGDDSLFFSNFSLLGTPVLKDINFKIERGQLLAVAGSTGAGKTSLLMVIMGELEPSEGKIKHSGRISFCSQFSWIMPGTIKENIIFGVSYDEYRYRSVIKACQLEEDISKFAEKDNIVLGEGGITLSGGQRARISLARAVYKDADLYLLDSPFGYLDVLTEKEIFESCVCKLMANKTRILVTSKMEHLKKADKILILHEGSSYFYGTFSELQNLQPDFSSKLMGCDSFDQFSAERRNSILTETLHRFSLEGDAPVSWTETKKQSFKQTGEFGEKRKNSILNPINSIRKFSIVQKTPLQMNGIEEDSDEPLERRLSLVPDSEQGEAILPRISVISTGPTLQARRRQSVLNLMTHSVNQGQNIHRKTTASTRKVSLAPQANLTELDIYSRRLSQETGLEISEEINEEDLKECFFDDMESIPAVTTWNTYLRYITVHKSLIFVLIWCLVIFLAEVAASLVVLWLLGNTPLQDKGNSTHSRNNSYAVIITSTSSYYVFYIYVGVADTLLAMGFFRGLPLVHTLITVSKILHHKMLHSVLQAPMSTLNTLKAGGILNRFSKDIAILDDLLPLTIFDFIQLLLIVIGAIAVVAVLQPYIFVATVPVIVAFIMLRAYFLQTSQQLKQLESEGRSPIFTHLVTSLKGLWTLRAFGRQPYFETLFHKALNLHTANWFLYLSTLRWFQMRIEMIFVIFFIAVTFISILTTGEGEGRVGIILTLAMNIMSTLQWAVNSSIDVDSLMRSVSRVFKFIDMPTEGKPTKSTKPYKNGQLSKVMIIENSHVKKDDIWPSGGQMTVKDLTAKYTEGGNAILENISFSISPGQRVGLLGRTGSGKSTLLSAFLRLLNTEGEIQIDGVSWDSIILQQWRKAFGVIPQKVFIFSGTFRKNLDPYEQWSDQEIWKVADEVGLRSVIEQFPGKLDFVLVDGGCVLSHGHKQLMCLARSVLSKAKILLLDEPSAHLDPVTYQIIRRTLKQAFADCTVILCEHRIEAMLECQQFLVIEENKVRQYDSIQKLLNERSLFRQAISPSDRVKLFPHRNSSKCKSKPQIAALKEETEEEVQDTRL*
chr7:117642553:C/T:1	chr7	117642553	C|T	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000426809	coding	3743	3743	1248	T>I	*nonsyn	None	MQRSPLEKASVVSKLFFSWTRPILRKGYRQRLELSDIYQIPSVDSADNLSEKLEREWDRELASKKNPKLINALRRCFFWRFMFYGIFLYLGEVTKAVQPLLLGRIIASYDPDNKEERSIAIYLGIGLCLLFIVRTLLLHPAIFGLHHIGMQMRIAMFSLIYKKGLALAHFVWIAPLQVALLMGLIWELLQASAFCGLGFLIVLALFQAGLGRMMMKYRDQRAGKISERLVITSEMIENIQSVKAYCWEEAMEKMIENLRQTELKLTRKAAYVRYFNSSAFFFSGFFVVFLSVLPYALIKGIILRKIFTTISFCIVLRMAVTRQFPWAVQTWYDSLGAINKIQDFLQKQEYKTLEYNLTTTEVVMENVTAFWEEGFGELFEKAKQNNNNRKTSNGDDSLFFSNFSLLGTPVLKDINFKIERGQLLAVAGSTGAGKTSLLMVIMGELEPSEGKIKHSGRISFCSQFSWIMPGTIKENIIFGVSYDEYRYRSVIKACQLEEDISKFAEKDNIVLGEGGITLSGGQRARISLARAVYKDADLYLLDSPFGYLDVLTEKEIFESCVCKLMANKTRILVTSKMEHLKKADKILILHEGSSYFYGTFSELQNLQPDFSSKLMGCDSFDQFSAERRNSILTETLHRFSLEGDAPVSWTETKKQSFKQTGEFGEKRKNSILNPINSIRKFSIVQKTPLQMNGIEEDSDEPLERRLSLVPDSEQGEAILPRISVISTGPTLQARRRQSVLNLMTHSVNQGQNIHRKTTASTRKVSLAPQANLTELDIYSRRLSQETGLEISEEINEEDLKECFFDDMESIPAVTTWNTYLRYITVHKSLIFVLIWCLVIFLAEVAASLVVLWLLGNTPLQDKGNSTHSRNNSYAVIITSTSSYYVFYIYVGVADTLLAMGFFRGLPLVHTLITVSKILHHKMLHSVLQAPMSTLNTLKAGGILNRFSKDIAILDDLLPLTIFDFIQLLLIVIGAIAVVAVLQPYIFVATVPVIVAFIMLRAYFLQTSQQLKQLESEGRSPIFTHLVTSLKGLWTLRAFGRQPYFETLFHKALNLHTANWFLYLSTLRWFQMRIEMIFVIFFIAVTFISILTTGEGEGRVGIILTLAMNIMSTLQWAVNSSIDVDSLMRSVSRVFKFIDMPTEGKPTKSTKPYKNGQLSKVMIIENSHVKKDDIWPSGGQMTVKDLTAKYTEGGNAILENISFSISPGQRVGLLGRTGSGKSTLLSAFLRLLNTEGEIQIDGVSWDSITLQQWRKAFGVIPQKVFIFSGTFRKNLDPYEQWSDQEIWKVADEVGLRSVIEQFPGKLDFVLVDGGCVLSHGHKQLMCLARSVLSKAKILLLDEPSAHLDPVTYQIIRRTLKQAFADCTVILCEHRIEAMLECQQFLVIEENKVRQYDSIQKLLNERSLFRQAISPSDRVKLFPHRNSSKCKSKPQIAALK|MQRSPLEKASVVSKLFFSWTRPILRKGYRQRLELSDIYQIPSVDSADNLSEKLEREWDRELASKKNPKLINALRRCFFWRFMFYGIFLYLGEVTKAVQPLLLGRIIASYDPDNKEERSIAIYLGIGLCLLFIVRTLLLHPAIFGLHHIGMQMRIAMFSLIYKKGLALAHFVWIAPLQVALLMGLIWELLQASAFCGLGFLIVLALFQAGLGRMMMKYRDQRAGKISERLVITSEMIENIQSVKAYCWEEAMEKMIENLRQTELKLTRKAAYVRYFNSSAFFFSGFFVVFLSVLPYALIKGIILRKIFTTISFCIVLRMAVTRQFPWAVQTWYDSLGAINKIQDFLQKQEYKTLEYNLTTTEVVMENVTAFWEEGFGELFEKAKQNNNNRKTSNGDDSLFFSNFSLLGTPVLKDINFKIERGQLLAVAGSTGAGKTSLLMVIMGELEPSEGKIKHSGRISFCSQFSWIMPGTIKENIIFGVSYDEYRYRSVIKACQLEEDISKFAEKDNIVLGEGGITLSGGQRARISLARAVYKDADLYLLDSPFGYLDVLTEKEIFESCVCKLMANKTRILVTSKMEHLKKADKILILHEGSSYFYGTFSELQNLQPDFSSKLMGCDSFDQFSAERRNSILTETLHRFSLEGDAPVSWTETKKQSFKQTGEFGEKRKNSILNPINSIRKFSIVQKTPLQMNGIEEDSDEPLERRLSLVPDSEQGEAILPRISVISTGPTLQARRRQSVLNLMTHSVNQGQNIHRKTTASTRKVSLAPQANLTELDIYSRRLSQETGLEISEEINEEDLKECFFDDMESIPAVTTWNTYLRYITVHKSLIFVLIWCLVIFLAEVAASLVVLWLLGNTPLQDKGNSTHSRNNSYAVIITSTSSYYVFYIYVGVADTLLAMGFFRGLPLVHTLITVSKILHHKMLHSVLQAPMSTLNTLKAGGILNRFSKDIAILDDLLPLTIFDFIQLLLIVIGAIAVVAVLQPYIFVATVPVIVAFIMLRAYFLQTSQQLKQLESEGRSPIFTHLVTSLKGLWTLRAFGRQPYFETLFHKALNLHTANWFLYLSTLRWFQMRIEMIFVIFFIAVTFISILTTGEGEGRVGIILTLAMNIMSTLQWAVNSSIDVDSLMRSVSRVFKFIDMPTEGKPTKSTKPYKNGQLSKVMIIENSHVKKDDIWPSGGQMTVKDLTAKYTEGGNAILENISFSISPGQRVGLLGRTGSGKSTLLSAFLRLLNTEGEIQIDGVSWDSIILQQWRKAFGVIPQKVFIFSGTFRKNLDPYEQWSDQEIWKVADEVGLRSVIEQFPGKLDFVLVDGGCVLSHGHKQLMCLARSVLSKAKILLLDEPSAHLDPVTYQIIRRTLKQAFADCTVILCEHRIEAMLECQQFLVIEENKVRQYDSIQKLLNERSLFRQAISPSDRVKLFPHRNSSKCKSKPQIAALK
chr7:117642553:C/T:1	chr7	117642553	C|T	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000649781	coding	3650	3650	1217	T>I	nonsyn	None	MQRSPLEKASVVSKLFFSWTRPILRKGYRQRLELSDIYQIPSVDSADNLSEKLEREWDRELASKKNPKLINALRRCFFWRFMFYGIFLYLGEVTKAVQPLLLGRIIASYDPDNKEERSIAIYLGIGLCLLFIVRTLLLHPAIFGLHHIGMQMRIAMFSLIYKKTLKLSSRVLDKISIGQLVSLLSNNLNKFDEGLALAHFVWIAPLQVALLMGLIWELLQASAFCGLGFLIVLALFQAGLGRMMMKYRDQRAGKISERLVITSEMIENIQSVKAYCWEEAMEKMIENLRQTELKLTRKAAYVRYFNSSAFFFSGFFVVFLSVLPYALIKGIILRKIFTTISFCIVLRMAVTRQFPWAVQTWYDSLGAINKIQDFLQKQEYKTLEYNLTTTEVVMENVTAFWEETSLLMVIMGELEPSEGKIKHSGRISFCSQFSWIMPGTIKENIIFGVSYDEYRYRSVIKACQLEEDISKFAEKDNIVLGEGGITLSGGQRARISLARAVYKDADLYLLDSPFGYLDVLTEKEIFESCVCKLMANKTRILVTSKMEHLKKADKILILHEGSSYFYGTFSELQNLQPDFSSKLMGCDSFDQFSAERRNSILTETLHRFSLEGDAPVSWTETKKQSFKQTGEFGEKRKNSILNPINSIRKFSIVQKTPLQMNGIEEDSDEPLERRLSLVPDSEQGEAILPRISVISTGPTLQARRRQSVLNLMTHSVNQGQNIHRKTTASTRKVSLAPQANLTELDIYSRRLSQETGLEISEEINEEDLKECFFDDMESIPAVTTWNTYLRYITVHKSLIFVLIWCLVIFLAEVAASLVVLWLLGNTPLQDKGNSTHSRNNSYAVIITSTSSYYVFYIYVGVADTLLAMGFFRGLPLVHTLITVSKILHHKMLHSVLQAPMSTLNTLKAGGILNRFSKDIAILDDLLPLTIFDFIQLLLIVIGAIAVVAVLQPYIFVATVPVIVAFIMLRAYFLQTSQQLKQLESEGRSPIFTHLVTSLKGLWTLRAFGRQPYFETLFHKALNLHTANWFLYLSTLRWFQMRIEMIFVIFFIAVTFISILTTGEGEGRVGIILTLAMNIMSTLQWAVNSSIDVDSLMRSVSRVFKFIDMPTEGKPTKSTKPYKNGQLSKVMIIENSHVKKDDIWPSGGQMTVKDLTAKYTEGGNAILENISFSISPGQRVGLLGRTGSGKSTLLSAFLRLLNTEGEIQIDGVSWDSITLQQWRKAFGVIPQKVFIFSGTFRKNLDPYEQWSDQEIWKVADEVGLRSVIEQFPGKLDFVLVDGGCVLSHGHKQLMCLARSVLSKAKILLLDEPSAHLDPVTYQIIRRTLKQAFADCTVILCEHRIEAMLECQQFLVIEENKVRQYDSIQKLLNERSLFRQAISPSDRVKLFPHRNSSKCKSKPQIAALKEETEEEVQDTRL*|MQRSPLEKASVVSKLFFSWTRPILRKGYRQRLELSDIYQIPSVDSADNLSEKLEREWDRELASKKNPKLINALRRCFFWRFMFYGIFLYLGEVTKAVQPLLLGRIIASYDPDNKEERSIAIYLGIGLCLLFIVRTLLLHPAIFGLHHIGMQMRIAMFSLIYKKTLKLSSRVLDKISIGQLVSLLSNNLNKFDEGLALAHFVWIAPLQVALLMGLIWELLQASAFCGLGFLIVLALFQAGLGRMMMKYRDQRAGKISERLVITSEMIENIQSVKAYCWEEAMEKMIENLRQTELKLTRKAAYVRYFNSSAFFFSGFFVVFLSVLPYALIKGIILRKIFTTISFCIVLRMAVTRQFPWAVQTWYDSLGAINKIQDFLQKQEYKTLEYNLTTTEVVMENVTAFWEETSLLMVIMGELEPSEGKIKHSGRISFCSQFSWIMPGTIKENIIFGVSYDEYRYRSVIKACQLEEDISKFAEKDNIVLGEGGITLSGGQRARISLARAVYKDADLYLLDSPFGYLDVLTEKEIFESCVCKLMANKTRILVTSKMEHLKKADKILILHEGSSYFYGTFSELQNLQPDFSSKLMGCDSFDQFSAERRNSILTETLHRFSLEGDAPVSWTETKKQSFKQTGEFGEKRKNSILNPINSIRKFSIVQKTPLQMNGIEEDSDEPLERRLSLVPDSEQGEAILPRISVISTGPTLQARRRQSVLNLMTHSVNQGQNIHRKTTASTRKVSLAPQANLTELDIYSRRLSQETGLEISEEINEEDLKECFFDDMESIPAVTTWNTYLRYITVHKSLIFVLIWCLVIFLAEVAASLVVLWLLGNTPLQDKGNSTHSRNNSYAVIITSTSSYYVFYIYVGVADTLLAMGFFRGLPLVHTLITVSKILHHKMLHSVLQAPMSTLNTLKAGGILNRFSKDIAILDDLLPLTIFDFIQLLLIVIGAIAVVAVLQPYIFVATVPVIVAFIMLRAYFLQTSQQLKQLESEGRSPIFTHLVTSLKGLWTLRAFGRQPYFETLFHKALNLHTANWFLYLSTLRWFQMRIEMIFVIFFIAVTFISILTTGEGEGRVGIILTLAMNIMSTLQWAVNSSIDVDSLMRSVSRVFKFIDMPTEGKPTKSTKPYKNGQLSKVMIIENSHVKKDDIWPSGGQMTVKDLTAKYTEGGNAILENISFSISPGQRVGLLGRTGSGKSTLLSAFLRLLNTEGEIQIDGVSWDSIILQQWRKAFGVIPQKVFIFSGTFRKNLDPYEQWSDQEIWKVADEVGLRSVIEQFPGKLDFVLVDGGCVLSHGHKQLMCLARSVLSKAKILLLDEPSAHLDPVTYQIIRRTLKQAFADCTVILCEHRIEAMLECQQFLVIEENKVRQYDSIQKLLNERSLFRQAISPSDRVKLFPHRNSSKCKSKPQIAALKEETEEEVQDTRL*
chr7:117642553:C/T:1	chr7	117642553	C|T	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000647720	3utr	1283	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr7:117642590:A/G:1	chr7	117642590	A|G	1	AC000061.1	ENSG00000083622	ENST00000456270	non-coding intronic	None	None	None	None	None	4761	None
chr7:117642590:A/G:1	chr7	117642590	A|G	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000003084	coding	4002	3870	1290	P>P	syn	None	MQRSPLEKASVVSKLFFSWTRPILRKGYRQRLELSDIYQIPSVDSADNLSEKLEREWDRELASKKNPKLINALRRCFFWRFMFYGIFLYLGEVTKAVQPLLLGRIIASYDPDNKEERSIAIYLGIGLCLLFIVRTLLLHPAIFGLHHIGMQMRIAMFSLIYKKTLKLSSRVLDKISIGQLVSLLSNNLNKFDEGLALAHFVWIAPLQVALLMGLIWELLQASAFCGLGFLIVLALFQAGLGRMMMKYRDQRAGKISERLVITSEMIENIQSVKAYCWEEAMEKMIENLRQTELKLTRKAAYVRYFNSSAFFFSGFFVVFLSVLPYALIKGIILRKIFTTISFCIVLRMAVTRQFPWAVQTWYDSLGAINKIQDFLQKQEYKTLEYNLTTTEVVMENVTAFWEEGFGELFEKAKQNNNNRKTSNGDDSLFFSNFSLLGTPVLKDINFKIERGQLLAVAGSTGAGKTSLLMVIMGELEPSEGKIKHSGRISFCSQFSWIMPGTIKENIIFGVSYDEYRYRSVIKACQLEEDISKFAEKDNIVLGEGGITLSGGQRARISLARAVYKDADLYLLDSPFGYLDVLTEKEIFESCVCKLMANKTRILVTSKMEHLKKADKILILHEGSSYFYGTFSELQNLQPDFSSKLMGCDSFDQFSAERRNSILTETLHRFSLEGDAPVSWTETKKQSFKQTGEFGEKRKNSILNPINSIRKFSIVQKTPLQMNGIEEDSDEPLERRLSLVPDSEQGEAILPRISVISTGPTLQARRRQSVLNLMTHSVNQGQNIHRKTTASTRKVSLAPQANLTELDIYSRRLSQETGLEISEEINEEDLKECFFDDMESIPAVTTWNTYLRYITVHKSLIFVLIWCLVIFLAEVAASLVVLWLLGNTPLQDKGNSTHSRNNSYAVIITSTSSYYVFYIYVGVADTLLAMGFFRGLPLVHTLITVSKILHHKMLHSVLQAPMSTLNTLKAGGILNRFSKDIAILDDLLPLTIFDFIQLLLIVIGAIAVVAVLQPYIFVATVPVIVAFIMLRAYFLQTSQQLKQLESEGRSPIFTHLVTSLKGLWTLRAFGRQPYFETLFHKALNLHTANWFLYLSTLRWFQMRIEMIFVIFFIAVTFISILTTGEGEGRVGIILTLAMNIMSTLQWAVNSSIDVDSLMRSVSRVFKFIDMPTEGKPTKSTKPYKNGQLSKVMIIENSHVKKDDIWPSGGQMTVKDLTAKYTEGGNAILENISFSISPGQRVGLLGRTGSGKSTLLSAFLRLLNTEGEIQIDGVSWDSITLQQWRKAFGVIPQKVFIFSGTFRKNLDPYEQWSDQEIWKVADEVGLRSVIEQFPGKLDFVLVDGGCVLSHGHKQLMCLARSVLSKAKILLLDEPSAHLDPVTYQIIRRTLKQAFADCTVILCEHRIEAMLECQQFLVIEENKVRQYDSIQKLLNERSLFRQAISPSDRVKLFPHRNSSKCKSKPQIAALKEETEEEVQDTRL*
chr7:117642590:A/G:1	chr7	117642590	A|G	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000426809	coding	3780	3780	1260	P>P	*syn	None	MQRSPLEKASVVSKLFFSWTRPILRKGYRQRLELSDIYQIPSVDSADNLSEKLEREWDRELASKKNPKLINALRRCFFWRFMFYGIFLYLGEVTKAVQPLLLGRIIASYDPDNKEERSIAIYLGIGLCLLFIVRTLLLHPAIFGLHHIGMQMRIAMFSLIYKKGLALAHFVWIAPLQVALLMGLIWELLQASAFCGLGFLIVLALFQAGLGRMMMKYRDQRAGKISERLVITSEMIENIQSVKAYCWEEAMEKMIENLRQTELKLTRKAAYVRYFNSSAFFFSGFFVVFLSVLPYALIKGIILRKIFTTISFCIVLRMAVTRQFPWAVQTWYDSLGAINKIQDFLQKQEYKTLEYNLTTTEVVMENVTAFWEEGFGELFEKAKQNNNNRKTSNGDDSLFFSNFSLLGTPVLKDINFKIERGQLLAVAGSTGAGKTSLLMVIMGELEPSEGKIKHSGRISFCSQFSWIMPGTIKENIIFGVSYDEYRYRSVIKACQLEEDISKFAEKDNIVLGEGGITLSGGQRARISLARAVYKDADLYLLDSPFGYLDVLTEKEIFESCVCKLMANKTRILVTSKMEHLKKADKILILHEGSSYFYGTFSELQNLQPDFSSKLMGCDSFDQFSAERRNSILTETLHRFSLEGDAPVSWTETKKQSFKQTGEFGEKRKNSILNPINSIRKFSIVQKTPLQMNGIEEDSDEPLERRLSLVPDSEQGEAILPRISVISTGPTLQARRRQSVLNLMTHSVNQGQNIHRKTTASTRKVSLAPQANLTELDIYSRRLSQETGLEISEEINEEDLKECFFDDMESIPAVTTWNTYLRYITVHKSLIFVLIWCLVIFLAEVAASLVVLWLLGNTPLQDKGNSTHSRNNSYAVIITSTSSYYVFYIYVGVADTLLAMGFFRGLPLVHTLITVSKILHHKMLHSVLQAPMSTLNTLKAGGILNRFSKDIAILDDLLPLTIFDFIQLLLIVIGAIAVVAVLQPYIFVATVPVIVAFIMLRAYFLQTSQQLKQLESEGRSPIFTHLVTSLKGLWTLRAFGRQPYFETLFHKALNLHTANWFLYLSTLRWFQMRIEMIFVIFFIAVTFISILTTGEGEGRVGIILTLAMNIMSTLQWAVNSSIDVDSLMRSVSRVFKFIDMPTEGKPTKSTKPYKNGQLSKVMIIENSHVKKDDIWPSGGQMTVKDLTAKYTEGGNAILENISFSISPGQRVGLLGRTGSGKSTLLSAFLRLLNTEGEIQIDGVSWDSITLQQWRKAFGVIPQKVFIFSGTFRKNLDPYEQWSDQEIWKVADEVGLRSVIEQFPGKLDFVLVDGGCVLSHGHKQLMCLARSVLSKAKILLLDEPSAHLDPVTYQIIRRTLKQAFADCTVILCEHRIEAMLECQQFLVIEENKVRQYDSIQKLLNERSLFRQAISPSDRVKLFPHRNSSKCKSKPQIAALK
chr7:117642590:A/G:1	chr7	117642590	A|G	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000649781	coding	3687	3687	1229	P>P	syn	None	MQRSPLEKASVVSKLFFSWTRPILRKGYRQRLELSDIYQIPSVDSADNLSEKLEREWDRELASKKNPKLINALRRCFFWRFMFYGIFLYLGEVTKAVQPLLLGRIIASYDPDNKEERSIAIYLGIGLCLLFIVRTLLLHPAIFGLHHIGMQMRIAMFSLIYKKTLKLSSRVLDKISIGQLVSLLSNNLNKFDEGLALAHFVWIAPLQVALLMGLIWELLQASAFCGLGFLIVLALFQAGLGRMMMKYRDQRAGKISERLVITSEMIENIQSVKAYCWEEAMEKMIENLRQTELKLTRKAAYVRYFNSSAFFFSGFFVVFLSVLPYALIKGIILRKIFTTISFCIVLRMAVTRQFPWAVQTWYDSLGAINKIQDFLQKQEYKTLEYNLTTTEVVMENVTAFWEETSLLMVIMGELEPSEGKIKHSGRISFCSQFSWIMPGTIKENIIFGVSYDEYRYRSVIKACQLEEDISKFAEKDNIVLGEGGITLSGGQRARISLARAVYKDADLYLLDSPFGYLDVLTEKEIFESCVCKLMANKTRILVTSKMEHLKKADKILILHEGSSYFYGTFSELQNLQPDFSSKLMGCDSFDQFSAERRNSILTETLHRFSLEGDAPVSWTETKKQSFKQTGEFGEKRKNSILNPINSIRKFSIVQKTPLQMNGIEEDSDEPLERRLSLVPDSEQGEAILPRISVISTGPTLQARRRQSVLNLMTHSVNQGQNIHRKTTASTRKVSLAPQANLTELDIYSRRLSQETGLEISEEINEEDLKECFFDDMESIPAVTTWNTYLRYITVHKSLIFVLIWCLVIFLAEVAASLVVLWLLGNTPLQDKGNSTHSRNNSYAVIITSTSSYYVFYIYVGVADTLLAMGFFRGLPLVHTLITVSKILHHKMLHSVLQAPMSTLNTLKAGGILNRFSKDIAILDDLLPLTIFDFIQLLLIVIGAIAVVAVLQPYIFVATVPVIVAFIMLRAYFLQTSQQLKQLESEGRSPIFTHLVTSLKGLWTLRAFGRQPYFETLFHKALNLHTANWFLYLSTLRWFQMRIEMIFVIFFIAVTFISILTTGEGEGRVGIILTLAMNIMSTLQWAVNSSIDVDSLMRSVSRVFKFIDMPTEGKPTKSTKPYKNGQLSKVMIIENSHVKKDDIWPSGGQMTVKDLTAKYTEGGNAILENISFSISPGQRVGLLGRTGSGKSTLLSAFLRLLNTEGEIQIDGVSWDSITLQQWRKAFGVIPQKVFIFSGTFRKNLDPYEQWSDQEIWKVADEVGLRSVIEQFPGKLDFVLVDGGCVLSHGHKQLMCLARSVLSKAKILLLDEPSAHLDPVTYQIIRRTLKQAFADCTVILCEHRIEAMLECQQFLVIEENKVRQYDSIQKLLNERSLFRQAISPSDRVKLFPHRNSSKCKSKPQIAALKEETEEEVQDTRL*
chr7:117642590:A/G:1	chr7	117642590	A|G	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000647720	3utr	1320	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr7:117642615:GA/G:1	chr7	117642616	A|-	1	AC000061.1	ENSG00000083622	ENST00000456270	non-coding intronic	None	None	None	None	None	4735	None
chr7:117642615:GA/G:1	chr7	117642616	A|-	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000003084	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	23	None
chr7:117642615:GA/G:1	chr7	117642616	A|-	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000426809	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	23	None
chr7:117642615:GA/G:1	chr7	117642616	A|-	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000647720	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	23	None
chr7:117642615:GA/G:1	chr7	117642616	A|-	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000649781	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	23	None
chr7:117652642:G/A:1	chr7	117652642	G|A	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000003084	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	200	None
chr7:117652642:G/A:1	chr7	117652642	G|A	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000426809	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	200	None
chr7:117652642:G/A:1	chr7	117652642	G|A	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000647720	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	200	None
chr7:117652642:G/A:1	chr7	117652642	G|A	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000649781	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	200	None
chr7:117652642:G/A:1	chr7	117652642	G|A	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000600166	5upstream	None	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr7:117652657:TA/T:1	chr7	117652658	A|-	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000003084	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	184	None
chr7:117652657:TA/T:1	chr7	117652658	A|-	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000426809	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	184	None
chr7:117652657:TA/T:1	chr7	117652658	A|-	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000647720	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	184	None
chr7:117652657:TA/T:1	chr7	117652658	A|-	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000649781	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	184	None
chr7:117652657:TA/T:1	chr7	117652658	A|-	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000600166	5upstream	None	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr7:117652732:C/A:1	chr7	117652732	C|A	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000647720	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	110	None
chr7:117652732:C/A:1	chr7	117652732	C|A	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000649781	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	110	None
chr7:117652732:C/A:1	chr7	117652732	C|A	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000600166	5upstream	None	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr7:117652732:C/A:1	chr7	117652732	C|A	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000003084	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	110	None
chr7:117652732:C/A:1	chr7	117652732	C|A	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000426809	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	110	None
chr7:117652743:A/T:1	chr7	117652743	A|T	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000003084	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	99	None
chr7:117652743:A/T:1	chr7	117652743	A|T	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000426809	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	99	None
chr7:117652743:A/T:1	chr7	117652743	A|T	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000647720	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	99	None
chr7:117652743:A/T:1	chr7	117652743	A|T	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000649781	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	99	None
chr7:117652743:A/T:1	chr7	117652743	A|T	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000600166	5upstream	None	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr7:117652851:AT/A:1	chr7	117652852	T|-	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000003084	coding	4016	3884	1295	I>I	frameshift:stop-gain	None	MQRSPLEKASVVSKLFFSWTRPILRKGYRQRLELSDIYQIPSVDSADNLSEKLEREWDRELASKKNPKLINALRRCFFWRFMFYGIFLYLGEVTKAVQPLLLGRIIASYDPDNKEERSIAIYLGIGLCLLFIVRTLLLHPAIFGLHHIGMQMRIAMFSLIYKKTLKLSSRVLDKISIGQLVSLLSNNLNKFDEGLALAHFVWIAPLQVALLMGLIWELLQASAFCGLGFLIVLALFQAGLGRMMMKYRDQRAGKISERLVITSEMIENIQSVKAYCWEEAMEKMIENLRQTELKLTRKAAYVRYFNSSAFFFSGFFVVFLSVLPYALIKGIILRKIFTTISFCIVLRMAVTRQFPWAVQTWYDSLGAINKIQDFLQKQEYKTLEYNLTTTEVVMENVTAFWEEGFGELFEKAKQNNNNRKTSNGDDSLFFSNFSLLGTPVLKDINFKIERGQLLAVAGSTGAGKTSLLMVIMGELEPSEGKIKHSGRISFCSQFSWIMPGTIKENIIFGVSYDEYRYRSVIKACQLEEDISKFAEKDNIVLGEGGITLSGGQRARISLARAVYKDADLYLLDSPFGYLDVLTEKEIFESCVCKLMANKTRILVTSKMEHLKKADKILILHEGSSYFYGTFSELQNLQPDFSSKLMGCDSFDQFSAERRNSILTETLHRFSLEGDAPVSWTETKKQSFKQTGEFGEKRKNSILNPINSIRKFSIVQKTPLQMNGIEEDSDEPLERRLSLVPDSEQGEAILPRISVISTGPTLQARRRQSVLNLMTHSVNQGQNIHRKTTASTRKVSLAPQANLTELDIYSRRLSQETGLEISEEINEEDLKECFFDDMESIPAVTTWNTYLRYITVHKSLIFVLIWCLVIFLAEVAASLVVLWLLGNTPLQDKGNSTHSRNNSYAVIITSTSSYYVFYIYVGVADTLLAMGFFRGLPLVHTLITVSKILHHKMLHSVLQAPMSTLNTLKAGGILNRFSKDIAILDDLLPLTIFDFIQLLLIVIGAIAVVAVLQPYIFVATVPVIVAFIMLRAYFLQTSQQLKQLESEGRSPIFTHLVTSLKGLWTLRAFGRQPYFETLFHKALNLHTANWFLYLSTLRWFQMRIEMIFVIFFIAVTFISILTTGEGEGRVGIILTLAMNIMSTLQWAVNSSIDVDSLMRSVSRVFKFIDMPTEGKPTKSTKPYKNGQLSKVMIIENSHVKKDDIWPSGGQMTVKDLTAKYTEGGNAILENISFSISPGQRVGLLGRTGSGKSTLLSAFLRLLNTEGEIQIDGVSWDSITLQQWRKAFGVIPQKVFIFSGTFRKNLDPYEQWSDQEIWKVADEVGLRSVIEQFPGKLDFVLVDGGCVLSHGHKQLMCLARSVLSKAKILLLDEPSAHLDPVTYQIIRRTLKQAFADCTVILCEHRIEAMLECQQFLVIEENKVRQYDSIQKLLNERSLFRQAISPSDRVKLFPHRNSSKCKSKPQIAALKEETEEEVQDTRL*|MQRSPLEKASVVSKLFFSWTRPILRKGYRQRLELSDIYQIPSVDSADNLSEKLEREWDRELASKKNPKLINALRRCFFWRFMFYGIFLYLGEVTKAVQPLLLGRIIASYDPDNKEERSIAIYLGIGLCLLFIVRTLLLHPAIFGLHHIGMQMRIAMFSLIYKKTLKLSSRVLDKISIGQLVSLLSNNLNKFDEGLALAHFVWIAPLQVALLMGLIWELLQASAFCGLGFLIVLALFQAGLGRMMMKYRDQRAGKISERLVITSEMIENIQSVKAYCWEEAMEKMIENLRQTELKLTRKAAYVRYFNSSAFFFSGFFVVFLSVLPYALIKGIILRKIFTTISFCIVLRMAVTRQFPWAVQTWYDSLGAINKIQDFLQKQEYKTLEYNLTTTEVVMENVTAFWEEGFGELFEKAKQNNNNRKTSNGDDSLFFSNFSLLGTPVLKDINFKIERGQLLAVAGSTGAGKTSLLMVIMGELEPSEGKIKHSGRISFCSQFSWIMPGTIKENIIFGVSYDEYRYRSVIKACQLEEDISKFAEKDNIVLGEGGITLSGGQRARISLARAVYKDADLYLLDSPFGYLDVLTEKEIFESCVCKLMANKTRILVTSKMEHLKKADKILILHEGSSYFYGTFSELQNLQPDFSSKLMGCDSFDQFSAERRNSILTETLHRFSLEGDAPVSWTETKKQSFKQTGEFGEKRKNSILNPINSIRKFSIVQKTPLQMNGIEEDSDEPLERRLSLVPDSEQGEAILPRISVISTGPTLQARRRQSVLNLMTHSVNQGQNIHRKTTASTRKVSLAPQANLTELDIYSRRLSQETGLEISEEINEEDLKECFFDDMESIPAVTTWNTYLRYITVHKSLIFVLIWCLVIFLAEVAASLVVLWLLGNTPLQDKGNSTHSRNNSYAVIITSTSSYYVFYIYVGVADTLLAMGFFRGLPLVHTLITVSKILHHKMLHSVLQAPMSTLNTLKAGGILNRFSKDIAILDDLLPLTIFDFIQLLLIVIGAIAVVAVLQPYIFVATVPVIVAFIMLRAYFLQTSQQLKQLESEGRSPIFTHLVTSLKGLWTLRAFGRQPYFETLFHKALNLHTANWFLYLSTLRWFQMRIEMIFVIFFIAVTFISILTTGEGEGRVGIILTLAMNIMSTLQWAVNSSIDVDSLMRSVSRVFKFIDMPTEGKPTKSTKPYKNGQLSKVMIIENSHVKKDDIWPSGGQMTVKDLTAKYTEGGNAILENISFSISPGQRVGLLGRTGSGKSTLLSAFLRLLNTEGEIQIDGVSWDSITLQQWRKAFGVIPQKVFIFLEHLEKTWIPMNSGVIKKYGKLQMRLGSDL*
chr7:117652851:AT/A:1	chr7	117652852	T|-	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000426809	coding	3794	3794	1265	I>I	*frameshift:stop-gain	None	MQRSPLEKASVVSKLFFSWTRPILRKGYRQRLELSDIYQIPSVDSADNLSEKLEREWDRELASKKNPKLINALRRCFFWRFMFYGIFLYLGEVTKAVQPLLLGRIIASYDPDNKEERSIAIYLGIGLCLLFIVRTLLLHPAIFGLHHIGMQMRIAMFSLIYKKGLALAHFVWIAPLQVALLMGLIWELLQASAFCGLGFLIVLALFQAGLGRMMMKYRDQRAGKISERLVITSEMIENIQSVKAYCWEEAMEKMIENLRQTELKLTRKAAYVRYFNSSAFFFSGFFVVFLSVLPYALIKGIILRKIFTTISFCIVLRMAVTRQFPWAVQTWYDSLGAINKIQDFLQKQEYKTLEYNLTTTEVVMENVTAFWEEGFGELFEKAKQNNNNRKTSNGDDSLFFSNFSLLGTPVLKDINFKIERGQLLAVAGSTGAGKTSLLMVIMGELEPSEGKIKHSGRISFCSQFSWIMPGTIKENIIFGVSYDEYRYRSVIKACQLEEDISKFAEKDNIVLGEGGITLSGGQRARISLARAVYKDADLYLLDSPFGYLDVLTEKEIFESCVCKLMANKTRILVTSKMEHLKKADKILILHEGSSYFYGTFSELQNLQPDFSSKLMGCDSFDQFSAERRNSILTETLHRFSLEGDAPVSWTETKKQSFKQTGEFGEKRKNSILNPINSIRKFSIVQKTPLQMNGIEEDSDEPLERRLSLVPDSEQGEAILPRISVISTGPTLQARRRQSVLNLMTHSVNQGQNIHRKTTASTRKVSLAPQANLTELDIYSRRLSQETGLEISEEINEEDLKECFFDDMESIPAVTTWNTYLRYITVHKSLIFVLIWCLVIFLAEVAASLVVLWLLGNTPLQDKGNSTHSRNNSYAVIITSTSSYYVFYIYVGVADTLLAMGFFRGLPLVHTLITVSKILHHKMLHSVLQAPMSTLNTLKAGGILNRFSKDIAILDDLLPLTIFDFIQLLLIVIGAIAVVAVLQPYIFVATVPVIVAFIMLRAYFLQTSQQLKQLESEGRSPIFTHLVTSLKGLWTLRAFGRQPYFETLFHKALNLHTANWFLYLSTLRWFQMRIEMIFVIFFIAVTFISILTTGEGEGRVGIILTLAMNIMSTLQWAVNSSIDVDSLMRSVSRVFKFIDMPTEGKPTKSTKPYKNGQLSKVMIIENSHVKKDDIWPSGGQMTVKDLTAKYTEGGNAILENISFSISPGQRVGLLGRTGSGKSTLLSAFLRLLNTEGEIQIDGVSWDSITLQQWRKAFGVIPQKVFIFSGTFRKNLDPYEQWSDQEIWKVADEVGLRSVIEQFPGKLDFVLVDGGCVLSHGHKQLMCLARSVLSKAKILLLDEPSAHLDPVTYQIIRRTLKQAFADCTVILCEHRIEAMLECQQFLVIEENKVRQYDSIQKLLNERSLFRQAISPSDRVKLFPHRNSSKCKSKPQIAALK|MQRSPLEKASVVSKLFFSWTRPILRKGYRQRLELSDIYQIPSVDSADNLSEKLEREWDRELASKKNPKLINALRRCFFWRFMFYGIFLYLGEVTKAVQPLLLGRIIASYDPDNKEERSIAIYLGIGLCLLFIVRTLLLHPAIFGLHHIGMQMRIAMFSLIYKKGLALAHFVWIAPLQVALLMGLIWELLQASAFCGLGFLIVLALFQAGLGRMMMKYRDQRAGKISERLVITSEMIENIQSVKAYCWEEAMEKMIENLRQTELKLTRKAAYVRYFNSSAFFFSGFFVVFLSVLPYALIKGIILRKIFTTISFCIVLRMAVTRQFPWAVQTWYDSLGAINKIQDFLQKQEYKTLEYNLTTTEVVMENVTAFWEEGFGELFEKAKQNNNNRKTSNGDDSLFFSNFSLLGTPVLKDINFKIERGQLLAVAGSTGAGKTSLLMVIMGELEPSEGKIKHSGRISFCSQFSWIMPGTIKENIIFGVSYDEYRYRSVIKACQLEEDISKFAEKDNIVLGEGGITLSGGQRARISLARAVYKDADLYLLDSPFGYLDVLTEKEIFESCVCKLMANKTRILVTSKMEHLKKADKILILHEGSSYFYGTFSELQNLQPDFSSKLMGCDSFDQFSAERRNSILTETLHRFSLEGDAPVSWTETKKQSFKQTGEFGEKRKNSILNPINSIRKFSIVQKTPLQMNGIEEDSDEPLERRLSLVPDSEQGEAILPRISVISTGPTLQARRRQSVLNLMTHSVNQGQNIHRKTTASTRKVSLAPQANLTELDIYSRRLSQETGLEISEEINEEDLKECFFDDMESIPAVTTWNTYLRYITVHKSLIFVLIWCLVIFLAEVAASLVVLWLLGNTPLQDKGNSTHSRNNSYAVIITSTSSYYVFYIYVGVADTLLAMGFFRGLPLVHTLITVSKILHHKMLHSVLQAPMSTLNTLKAGGILNRFSKDIAILDDLLPLTIFDFIQLLLIVIGAIAVVAVLQPYIFVATVPVIVAFIMLRAYFLQTSQQLKQLESEGRSPIFTHLVTSLKGLWTLRAFGRQPYFETLFHKALNLHTANWFLYLSTLRWFQMRIEMIFVIFFIAVTFISILTTGEGEGRVGIILTLAMNIMSTLQWAVNSSIDVDSLMRSVSRVFKFIDMPTEGKPTKSTKPYKNGQLSKVMIIENSHVKKDDIWPSGGQMTVKDLTAKYTEGGNAILENISFSISPGQRVGLLGRTGSGKSTLLSAFLRLLNTEGEIQIDGVSWDSITLQQWRKAFGVIPQKVFIFLEHLEKTWIPMNSGVIKKYGKLQMRLGSDL*
chr7:117652851:AT/A:1	chr7	117652852	T|-	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000647720	3utr	1334	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr7:117652851:AT/A:1	chr7	117652852	T|-	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000649781	coding	3701	3701	1234	I>I	frameshift:stop-gain	None	MQRSPLEKASVVSKLFFSWTRPILRKGYRQRLELSDIYQIPSVDSADNLSEKLEREWDRELASKKNPKLINALRRCFFWRFMFYGIFLYLGEVTKAVQPLLLGRIIASYDPDNKEERSIAIYLGIGLCLLFIVRTLLLHPAIFGLHHIGMQMRIAMFSLIYKKTLKLSSRVLDKISIGQLVSLLSNNLNKFDEGLALAHFVWIAPLQVALLMGLIWELLQASAFCGLGFLIVLALFQAGLGRMMMKYRDQRAGKISERLVITSEMIENIQSVKAYCWEEAMEKMIENLRQTELKLTRKAAYVRYFNSSAFFFSGFFVVFLSVLPYALIKGIILRKIFTTISFCIVLRMAVTRQFPWAVQTWYDSLGAINKIQDFLQKQEYKTLEYNLTTTEVVMENVTAFWEETSLLMVIMGELEPSEGKIKHSGRISFCSQFSWIMPGTIKENIIFGVSYDEYRYRSVIKACQLEEDISKFAEKDNIVLGEGGITLSGGQRARISLARAVYKDADLYLLDSPFGYLDVLTEKEIFESCVCKLMANKTRILVTSKMEHLKKADKILILHEGSSYFYGTFSELQNLQPDFSSKLMGCDSFDQFSAERRNSILTETLHRFSLEGDAPVSWTETKKQSFKQTGEFGEKRKNSILNPINSIRKFSIVQKTPLQMNGIEEDSDEPLERRLSLVPDSEQGEAILPRISVISTGPTLQARRRQSVLNLMTHSVNQGQNIHRKTTASTRKVSLAPQANLTELDIYSRRLSQETGLEISEEINEEDLKECFFDDMESIPAVTTWNTYLRYITVHKSLIFVLIWCLVIFLAEVAASLVVLWLLGNTPLQDKGNSTHSRNNSYAVIITSTSSYYVFYIYVGVADTLLAMGFFRGLPLVHTLITVSKILHHKMLHSVLQAPMSTLNTLKAGGILNRFSKDIAILDDLLPLTIFDFIQLLLIVIGAIAVVAVLQPYIFVATVPVIVAFIMLRAYFLQTSQQLKQLESEGRSPIFTHLVTSLKGLWTLRAFGRQPYFETLFHKALNLHTANWFLYLSTLRWFQMRIEMIFVIFFIAVTFISILTTGEGEGRVGIILTLAMNIMSTLQWAVNSSIDVDSLMRSVSRVFKFIDMPTEGKPTKSTKPYKNGQLSKVMIIENSHVKKDDIWPSGGQMTVKDLTAKYTEGGNAILENISFSISPGQRVGLLGRTGSGKSTLLSAFLRLLNTEGEIQIDGVSWDSITLQQWRKAFGVIPQKVFIFSGTFRKNLDPYEQWSDQEIWKVADEVGLRSVIEQFPGKLDFVLVDGGCVLSHGHKQLMCLARSVLSKAKILLLDEPSAHLDPVTYQIIRRTLKQAFADCTVILCEHRIEAMLECQQFLVIEENKVRQYDSIQKLLNERSLFRQAISPSDRVKLFPHRNSSKCKSKPQIAALKEETEEEVQDTRL*|MQRSPLEKASVVSKLFFSWTRPILRKGYRQRLELSDIYQIPSVDSADNLSEKLEREWDRELASKKNPKLINALRRCFFWRFMFYGIFLYLGEVTKAVQPLLLGRIIASYDPDNKEERSIAIYLGIGLCLLFIVRTLLLHPAIFGLHHIGMQMRIAMFSLIYKKTLKLSSRVLDKISIGQLVSLLSNNLNKFDEGLALAHFVWIAPLQVALLMGLIWELLQASAFCGLGFLIVLALFQAGLGRMMMKYRDQRAGKISERLVITSEMIENIQSVKAYCWEEAMEKMIENLRQTELKLTRKAAYVRYFNSSAFFFSGFFVVFLSVLPYALIKGIILRKIFTTISFCIVLRMAVTRQFPWAVQTWYDSLGAINKIQDFLQKQEYKTLEYNLTTTEVVMENVTAFWEETSLLMVIMGELEPSEGKIKHSGRISFCSQFSWIMPGTIKENIIFGVSYDEYRYRSVIKACQLEEDISKFAEKDNIVLGEGGITLSGGQRARISLARAVYKDADLYLLDSPFGYLDVLTEKEIFESCVCKLMANKTRILVTSKMEHLKKADKILILHEGSSYFYGTFSELQNLQPDFSSKLMGCDSFDQFSAERRNSILTETLHRFSLEGDAPVSWTETKKQSFKQTGEFGEKRKNSILNPINSIRKFSIVQKTPLQMNGIEEDSDEPLERRLSLVPDSEQGEAILPRISVISTGPTLQARRRQSVLNLMTHSVNQGQNIHRKTTASTRKVSLAPQANLTELDIYSRRLSQETGLEISEEINEEDLKECFFDDMESIPAVTTWNTYLRYITVHKSLIFVLIWCLVIFLAEVAASLVVLWLLGNTPLQDKGNSTHSRNNSYAVIITSTSSYYVFYIYVGVADTLLAMGFFRGLPLVHTLITVSKILHHKMLHSVLQAPMSTLNTLKAGGILNRFSKDIAILDDLLPLTIFDFIQLLLIVIGAIAVVAVLQPYIFVATVPVIVAFIMLRAYFLQTSQQLKQLESEGRSPIFTHLVTSLKGLWTLRAFGRQPYFETLFHKALNLHTANWFLYLSTLRWFQMRIEMIFVIFFIAVTFISILTTGEGEGRVGIILTLAMNIMSTLQWAVNSSIDVDSLMRSVSRVFKFIDMPTEGKPTKSTKPYKNGQLSKVMIIENSHVKKDDIWPSGGQMTVKDLTAKYTEGGNAILENISFSISPGQRVGLLGRTGSGKSTLLSAFLRLLNTEGEIQIDGVSWDSITLQQWRKAFGVIPQKVFIFLEHLEKTWIPMNSGVIKKYGKLQMRLGSDL*
chr7:117652851:AT/A:1	chr7	117652852	T|-	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000600166	coding	10	11	4	I>I	frameshift:stop-gain	None	XVFIFSGTFRKNLDPYEQWSDQEIWKVADEVGLRSVIEQFPGKLDFVLVDGGCVLSHGHKQLMCLARSVLSKAKILLLDEPSAHLDPVTYQIIRRTLKQAFADCTVILCEHRIEAMLECQQFLIMMVAGPLFNGGIASLLAMKEKVISTNPGNSYL*|XVFIFLEHLEKTWIPMNSGVIKKYGKLQMRLGSDL*
chr7:117652929:G/T:1	chr7	117652929	G|T	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000003084	coding	4093	3961	1321	E>*	nonsyn:stop-gain	None	MQRSPLEKASVVSKLFFSWTRPILRKGYRQRLELSDIYQIPSVDSADNLSEKLEREWDRELASKKNPKLINALRRCFFWRFMFYGIFLYLGEVTKAVQPLLLGRIIASYDPDNKEERSIAIYLGIGLCLLFIVRTLLLHPAIFGLHHIGMQMRIAMFSLIYKKTLKLSSRVLDKISIGQLVSLLSNNLNKFDEGLALAHFVWIAPLQVALLMGLIWELLQASAFCGLGFLIVLALFQAGLGRMMMKYRDQRAGKISERLVITSEMIENIQSVKAYCWEEAMEKMIENLRQTELKLTRKAAYVRYFNSSAFFFSGFFVVFLSVLPYALIKGIILRKIFTTISFCIVLRMAVTRQFPWAVQTWYDSLGAINKIQDFLQKQEYKTLEYNLTTTEVVMENVTAFWEEGFGELFEKAKQNNNNRKTSNGDDSLFFSNFSLLGTPVLKDINFKIERGQLLAVAGSTGAGKTSLLMVIMGELEPSEGKIKHSGRISFCSQFSWIMPGTIKENIIFGVSYDEYRYRSVIKACQLEEDISKFAEKDNIVLGEGGITLSGGQRARISLARAVYKDADLYLLDSPFGYLDVLTEKEIFESCVCKLMANKTRILVTSKMEHLKKADKILILHEGSSYFYGTFSELQNLQPDFSSKLMGCDSFDQFSAERRNSILTETLHRFSLEGDAPVSWTETKKQSFKQTGEFGEKRKNSILNPINSIRKFSIVQKTPLQMNGIEEDSDEPLERRLSLVPDSEQGEAILPRISVISTGPTLQARRRQSVLNLMTHSVNQGQNIHRKTTASTRKVSLAPQANLTELDIYSRRLSQETGLEISEEINEEDLKECFFDDMESIPAVTTWNTYLRYITVHKSLIFVLIWCLVIFLAEVAASLVVLWLLGNTPLQDKGNSTHSRNNSYAVIITSTSSYYVFYIYVGVADTLLAMGFFRGLPLVHTLITVSKILHHKMLHSVLQAPMSTLNTLKAGGILNRFSKDIAILDDLLPLTIFDFIQLLLIVIGAIAVVAVLQPYIFVATVPVIVAFIMLRAYFLQTSQQLKQLESEGRSPIFTHLVTSLKGLWTLRAFGRQPYFETLFHKALNLHTANWFLYLSTLRWFQMRIEMIFVIFFIAVTFISILTTGEGEGRVGIILTLAMNIMSTLQWAVNSSIDVDSLMRSVSRVFKFIDMPTEGKPTKSTKPYKNGQLSKVMIIENSHVKKDDIWPSGGQMTVKDLTAKYTEGGNAILENISFSISPGQRVGLLGRTGSGKSTLLSAFLRLLNTEGEIQIDGVSWDSITLQQWRKAFGVIPQKVFIFSGTFRKNLDPYEQWSDQEIWKVADEVGLRSVIEQFPGKLDFVLVDGGCVLSHGHKQLMCLARSVLSKAKILLLDEPSAHLDPVTYQIIRRTLKQAFADCTVILCEHRIEAMLECQQFLVIEENKVRQYDSIQKLLNERSLFRQAISPSDRVKLFPHRNSSKCKSKPQIAALKEETEEEVQDTRL*|MQRSPLEKASVVSKLFFSWTRPILRKGYRQRLELSDIYQIPSVDSADNLSEKLEREWDRELASKKNPKLINALRRCFFWRFMFYGIFLYLGEVTKAVQPLLLGRIIASYDPDNKEERSIAIYLGIGLCLLFIVRTLLLHPAIFGLHHIGMQMRIAMFSLIYKKTLKLSSRVLDKISIGQLVSLLSNNLNKFDEGLALAHFVWIAPLQVALLMGLIWELLQASAFCGLGFLIVLALFQAGLGRMMMKYRDQRAGKISERLVITSEMIENIQSVKAYCWEEAMEKMIENLRQTELKLTRKAAYVRYFNSSAFFFSGFFVVFLSVLPYALIKGIILRKIFTTISFCIVLRMAVTRQFPWAVQTWYDSLGAINKIQDFLQKQEYKTLEYNLTTTEVVMENVTAFWEEGFGELFEKAKQNNNNRKTSNGDDSLFFSNFSLLGTPVLKDINFKIERGQLLAVAGSTGAGKTSLLMVIMGELEPSEGKIKHSGRISFCSQFSWIMPGTIKENIIFGVSYDEYRYRSVIKACQLEEDISKFAEKDNIVLGEGGITLSGGQRARISLARAVYKDADLYLLDSPFGYLDVLTEKEIFESCVCKLMANKTRILVTSKMEHLKKADKILILHEGSSYFYGTFSELQNLQPDFSSKLMGCDSFDQFSAERRNSILTETLHRFSLEGDAPVSWTETKKQSFKQTGEFGEKRKNSILNPINSIRKFSIVQKTPLQMNGIEEDSDEPLERRLSLVPDSEQGEAILPRISVISTGPTLQARRRQSVLNLMTHSVNQGQNIHRKTTASTRKVSLAPQANLTELDIYSRRLSQETGLEISEEINEEDLKECFFDDMESIPAVTTWNTYLRYITVHKSLIFVLIWCLVIFLAEVAASLVVLWLLGNTPLQDKGNSTHSRNNSYAVIITSTSSYYVFYIYVGVADTLLAMGFFRGLPLVHTLITVSKILHHKMLHSVLQAPMSTLNTLKAGGILNRFSKDIAILDDLLPLTIFDFIQLLLIVIGAIAVVAVLQPYIFVATVPVIVAFIMLRAYFLQTSQQLKQLESEGRSPIFTHLVTSLKGLWTLRAFGRQPYFETLFHKALNLHTANWFLYLSTLRWFQMRIEMIFVIFFIAVTFISILTTGEGEGRVGIILTLAMNIMSTLQWAVNSSIDVDSLMRSVSRVFKFIDMPTEGKPTKSTKPYKNGQLSKVMIIENSHVKKDDIWPSGGQMTVKDLTAKYTEGGNAILENISFSISPGQRVGLLGRTGSGKSTLLSAFLRLLNTEGEIQIDGVSWDSITLQQWRKAFGVIPQKVFIFSGTFRKNLDPYEQWSDQEIWKVAD*
chr7:117652929:G/T:1	chr7	117652929	G|T	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000426809	coding	3871	3871	1291	E>*	*nonsyn:stop-gain	None	MQRSPLEKASVVSKLFFSWTRPILRKGYRQRLELSDIYQIPSVDSADNLSEKLEREWDRELASKKNPKLINALRRCFFWRFMFYGIFLYLGEVTKAVQPLLLGRIIASYDPDNKEERSIAIYLGIGLCLLFIVRTLLLHPAIFGLHHIGMQMRIAMFSLIYKKGLALAHFVWIAPLQVALLMGLIWELLQASAFCGLGFLIVLALFQAGLGRMMMKYRDQRAGKISERLVITSEMIENIQSVKAYCWEEAMEKMIENLRQTELKLTRKAAYVRYFNSSAFFFSGFFVVFLSVLPYALIKGIILRKIFTTISFCIVLRMAVTRQFPWAVQTWYDSLGAINKIQDFLQKQEYKTLEYNLTTTEVVMENVTAFWEEGFGELFEKAKQNNNNRKTSNGDDSLFFSNFSLLGTPVLKDINFKIERGQLLAVAGSTGAGKTSLLMVIMGELEPSEGKIKHSGRISFCSQFSWIMPGTIKENIIFGVSYDEYRYRSVIKACQLEEDISKFAEKDNIVLGEGGITLSGGQRARISLARAVYKDADLYLLDSPFGYLDVLTEKEIFESCVCKLMANKTRILVTSKMEHLKKADKILILHEGSSYFYGTFSELQNLQPDFSSKLMGCDSFDQFSAERRNSILTETLHRFSLEGDAPVSWTETKKQSFKQTGEFGEKRKNSILNPINSIRKFSIVQKTPLQMNGIEEDSDEPLERRLSLVPDSEQGEAILPRISVISTGPTLQARRRQSVLNLMTHSVNQGQNIHRKTTASTRKVSLAPQANLTELDIYSRRLSQETGLEISEEINEEDLKECFFDDMESIPAVTTWNTYLRYITVHKSLIFVLIWCLVIFLAEVAASLVVLWLLGNTPLQDKGNSTHSRNNSYAVIITSTSSYYVFYIYVGVADTLLAMGFFRGLPLVHTLITVSKILHHKMLHSVLQAPMSTLNTLKAGGILNRFSKDIAILDDLLPLTIFDFIQLLLIVIGAIAVVAVLQPYIFVATVPVIVAFIMLRAYFLQTSQQLKQLESEGRSPIFTHLVTSLKGLWTLRAFGRQPYFETLFHKALNLHTANWFLYLSTLRWFQMRIEMIFVIFFIAVTFISILTTGEGEGRVGIILTLAMNIMSTLQWAVNSSIDVDSLMRSVSRVFKFIDMPTEGKPTKSTKPYKNGQLSKVMIIENSHVKKDDIWPSGGQMTVKDLTAKYTEGGNAILENISFSISPGQRVGLLGRTGSGKSTLLSAFLRLLNTEGEIQIDGVSWDSITLQQWRKAFGVIPQKVFIFSGTFRKNLDPYEQWSDQEIWKVADEVGLRSVIEQFPGKLDFVLVDGGCVLSHGHKQLMCLARSVLSKAKILLLDEPSAHLDPVTYQIIRRTLKQAFADCTVILCEHRIEAMLECQQFLVIEENKVRQYDSIQKLLNERSLFRQAISPSDRVKLFPHRNSSKCKSKPQIAALK|MQRSPLEKASVVSKLFFSWTRPILRKGYRQRLELSDIYQIPSVDSADNLSEKLEREWDRELASKKNPKLINALRRCFFWRFMFYGIFLYLGEVTKAVQPLLLGRIIASYDPDNKEERSIAIYLGIGLCLLFIVRTLLLHPAIFGLHHIGMQMRIAMFSLIYKKGLALAHFVWIAPLQVALLMGLIWELLQASAFCGLGFLIVLALFQAGLGRMMMKYRDQRAGKISERLVITSEMIENIQSVKAYCWEEAMEKMIENLRQTELKLTRKAAYVRYFNSSAFFFSGFFVVFLSVLPYALIKGIILRKIFTTISFCIVLRMAVTRQFPWAVQTWYDSLGAINKIQDFLQKQEYKTLEYNLTTTEVVMENVTAFWEEGFGELFEKAKQNNNNRKTSNGDDSLFFSNFSLLGTPVLKDINFKIERGQLLAVAGSTGAGKTSLLMVIMGELEPSEGKIKHSGRISFCSQFSWIMPGTIKENIIFGVSYDEYRYRSVIKACQLEEDISKFAEKDNIVLGEGGITLSGGQRARISLARAVYKDADLYLLDSPFGYLDVLTEKEIFESCVCKLMANKTRILVTSKMEHLKKADKILILHEGSSYFYGTFSELQNLQPDFSSKLMGCDSFDQFSAERRNSILTETLHRFSLEGDAPVSWTETKKQSFKQTGEFGEKRKNSILNPINSIRKFSIVQKTPLQMNGIEEDSDEPLERRLSLVPDSEQGEAILPRISVISTGPTLQARRRQSVLNLMTHSVNQGQNIHRKTTASTRKVSLAPQANLTELDIYSRRLSQETGLEISEEINEEDLKECFFDDMESIPAVTTWNTYLRYITVHKSLIFVLIWCLVIFLAEVAASLVVLWLLGNTPLQDKGNSTHSRNNSYAVIITSTSSYYVFYIYVGVADTLLAMGFFRGLPLVHTLITVSKILHHKMLHSVLQAPMSTLNTLKAGGILNRFSKDIAILDDLLPLTIFDFIQLLLIVIGAIAVVAVLQPYIFVATVPVIVAFIMLRAYFLQTSQQLKQLESEGRSPIFTHLVTSLKGLWTLRAFGRQPYFETLFHKALNLHTANWFLYLSTLRWFQMRIEMIFVIFFIAVTFISILTTGEGEGRVGIILTLAMNIMSTLQWAVNSSIDVDSLMRSVSRVFKFIDMPTEGKPTKSTKPYKNGQLSKVMIIENSHVKKDDIWPSGGQMTVKDLTAKYTEGGNAILENISFSISPGQRVGLLGRTGSGKSTLLSAFLRLLNTEGEIQIDGVSWDSITLQQWRKAFGVIPQKVFIFSGTFRKNLDPYEQWSDQEIWKVAD*
chr7:117652929:G/T:1	chr7	117652929	G|T	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000647720	3utr	1411	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr7:117652929:G/T:1	chr7	117652929	G|T	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000649781	coding	3778	3778	1260	E>*	nonsyn:stop-gain	None	MQRSPLEKASVVSKLFFSWTRPILRKGYRQRLELSDIYQIPSVDSADNLSEKLEREWDRELASKKNPKLINALRRCFFWRFMFYGIFLYLGEVTKAVQPLLLGRIIASYDPDNKEERSIAIYLGIGLCLLFIVRTLLLHPAIFGLHHIGMQMRIAMFSLIYKKTLKLSSRVLDKISIGQLVSLLSNNLNKFDEGLALAHFVWIAPLQVALLMGLIWELLQASAFCGLGFLIVLALFQAGLGRMMMKYRDQRAGKISERLVITSEMIENIQSVKAYCWEEAMEKMIENLRQTELKLTRKAAYVRYFNSSAFFFSGFFVVFLSVLPYALIKGIILRKIFTTISFCIVLRMAVTRQFPWAVQTWYDSLGAINKIQDFLQKQEYKTLEYNLTTTEVVMENVTAFWEETSLLMVIMGELEPSEGKIKHSGRISFCSQFSWIMPGTIKENIIFGVSYDEYRYRSVIKACQLEEDISKFAEKDNIVLGEGGITLSGGQRARISLARAVYKDADLYLLDSPFGYLDVLTEKEIFESCVCKLMANKTRILVTSKMEHLKKADKILILHEGSSYFYGTFSELQNLQPDFSSKLMGCDSFDQFSAERRNSILTETLHRFSLEGDAPVSWTETKKQSFKQTGEFGEKRKNSILNPINSIRKFSIVQKTPLQMNGIEEDSDEPLERRLSLVPDSEQGEAILPRISVISTGPTLQARRRQSVLNLMTHSVNQGQNIHRKTTASTRKVSLAPQANLTELDIYSRRLSQETGLEISEEINEEDLKECFFDDMESIPAVTTWNTYLRYITVHKSLIFVLIWCLVIFLAEVAASLVVLWLLGNTPLQDKGNSTHSRNNSYAVIITSTSSYYVFYIYVGVADTLLAMGFFRGLPLVHTLITVSKILHHKMLHSVLQAPMSTLNTLKAGGILNRFSKDIAILDDLLPLTIFDFIQLLLIVIGAIAVVAVLQPYIFVATVPVIVAFIMLRAYFLQTSQQLKQLESEGRSPIFTHLVTSLKGLWTLRAFGRQPYFETLFHKALNLHTANWFLYLSTLRWFQMRIEMIFVIFFIAVTFISILTTGEGEGRVGIILTLAMNIMSTLQWAVNSSIDVDSLMRSVSRVFKFIDMPTEGKPTKSTKPYKNGQLSKVMIIENSHVKKDDIWPSGGQMTVKDLTAKYTEGGNAILENISFSISPGQRVGLLGRTGSGKSTLLSAFLRLLNTEGEIQIDGVSWDSITLQQWRKAFGVIPQKVFIFSGTFRKNLDPYEQWSDQEIWKVADEVGLRSVIEQFPGKLDFVLVDGGCVLSHGHKQLMCLARSVLSKAKILLLDEPSAHLDPVTYQIIRRTLKQAFADCTVILCEHRIEAMLECQQFLVIEENKVRQYDSIQKLLNERSLFRQAISPSDRVKLFPHRNSSKCKSKPQIAALKEETEEEVQDTRL*|MQRSPLEKASVVSKLFFSWTRPILRKGYRQRLELSDIYQIPSVDSADNLSEKLEREWDRELASKKNPKLINALRRCFFWRFMFYGIFLYLGEVTKAVQPLLLGRIIASYDPDNKEERSIAIYLGIGLCLLFIVRTLLLHPAIFGLHHIGMQMRIAMFSLIYKKTLKLSSRVLDKISIGQLVSLLSNNLNKFDEGLALAHFVWIAPLQVALLMGLIWELLQASAFCGLGFLIVLALFQAGLGRMMMKYRDQRAGKISERLVITSEMIENIQSVKAYCWEEAMEKMIENLRQTELKLTRKAAYVRYFNSSAFFFSGFFVVFLSVLPYALIKGIILRKIFTTISFCIVLRMAVTRQFPWAVQTWYDSLGAINKIQDFLQKQEYKTLEYNLTTTEVVMENVTAFWEETSLLMVIMGELEPSEGKIKHSGRISFCSQFSWIMPGTIKENIIFGVSYDEYRYRSVIKACQLEEDISKFAEKDNIVLGEGGITLSGGQRARISLARAVYKDADLYLLDSPFGYLDVLTEKEIFESCVCKLMANKTRILVTSKMEHLKKADKILILHEGSSYFYGTFSELQNLQPDFSSKLMGCDSFDQFSAERRNSILTETLHRFSLEGDAPVSWTETKKQSFKQTGEFGEKRKNSILNPINSIRKFSIVQKTPLQMNGIEEDSDEPLERRLSLVPDSEQGEAILPRISVISTGPTLQARRRQSVLNLMTHSVNQGQNIHRKTTASTRKVSLAPQANLTELDIYSRRLSQETGLEISEEINEEDLKECFFDDMESIPAVTTWNTYLRYITVHKSLIFVLIWCLVIFLAEVAASLVVLWLLGNTPLQDKGNSTHSRNNSYAVIITSTSSYYVFYIYVGVADTLLAMGFFRGLPLVHTLITVSKILHHKMLHSVLQAPMSTLNTLKAGGILNRFSKDIAILDDLLPLTIFDFIQLLLIVIGAIAVVAVLQPYIFVATVPVIVAFIMLRAYFLQTSQQLKQLESEGRSPIFTHLVTSLKGLWTLRAFGRQPYFETLFHKALNLHTANWFLYLSTLRWFQMRIEMIFVIFFIAVTFISILTTGEGEGRVGIILTLAMNIMSTLQWAVNSSIDVDSLMRSVSRVFKFIDMPTEGKPTKSTKPYKNGQLSKVMIIENSHVKKDDIWPSGGQMTVKDLTAKYTEGGNAILENISFSISPGQRVGLLGRTGSGKSTLLSAFLRLLNTEGEIQIDGVSWDSITLQQWRKAFGVIPQKVFIFSGTFRKNLDPYEQWSDQEIWKVAD*
chr7:117652929:G/T:1	chr7	117652929	G|T	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000600166	coding	87	88	30	E>*	nonsyn:stop-gain	None	XVFIFSGTFRKNLDPYEQWSDQEIWKVADEVGLRSVIEQFPGKLDFVLVDGGCVLSHGHKQLMCLARSVLSKAKILLLDEPSAHLDPVTYQIIRRTLKQAFADCTVILCEHRIEAMLECQQFLIMMVAGPLFNGGIASLLAMKEKVISTNPGNSYL*|XVFIFSGTFRKNLDPYEQWSDQEIWKVAD*
chr7:117652952:G/A:1	chr7	117652952	G|A	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000003084	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	21	None
chr7:117652952:G/A:1	chr7	117652952	G|A	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000426809	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	21	None
chr7:117652952:G/A:1	chr7	117652952	G|A	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000600166	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	21	None
chr7:117652952:G/A:1	chr7	117652952	G|A	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000647720	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	21	None
chr7:117652952:G/A:1	chr7	117652952	G|A	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000649781	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	21	None
chr7:117652963:G/T:1	chr7	117652963	G|T	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000003084	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	32	None
chr7:117652963:G/T:1	chr7	117652963	G|T	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000426809	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	32	None
chr7:117652963:G/T:1	chr7	117652963	G|T	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000600166	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	32	None
chr7:117652963:G/T:1	chr7	117652963	G|T	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000647720	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	32	None
chr7:117652963:G/T:1	chr7	117652963	G|T	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000649781	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	32	None
chr7:117664644:TG/T:1	chr7	117664645	G|-	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000003084	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	43	None
chr7:117664644:TG/T:1	chr7	117664645	G|-	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000426809	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	43	None
chr7:117664644:TG/T:1	chr7	117664645	G|-	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000600166	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	43	None
chr7:117664644:TG/T:1	chr7	117664645	G|-	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000647720	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	43	None
chr7:117664644:TG/T:1	chr7	117664645	G|-	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000649781	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	43	None
chr7:117664769:G/A:1	chr7	117664769	G|A	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000003084	coding	4177	4045	1349	G>S	nonsyn	None	MQRSPLEKASVVSKLFFSWTRPILRKGYRQRLELSDIYQIPSVDSADNLSEKLEREWDRELASKKNPKLINALRRCFFWRFMFYGIFLYLGEVTKAVQPLLLGRIIASYDPDNKEERSIAIYLGIGLCLLFIVRTLLLHPAIFGLHHIGMQMRIAMFSLIYKKTLKLSSRVLDKISIGQLVSLLSNNLNKFDEGLALAHFVWIAPLQVALLMGLIWELLQASAFCGLGFLIVLALFQAGLGRMMMKYRDQRAGKISERLVITSEMIENIQSVKAYCWEEAMEKMIENLRQTELKLTRKAAYVRYFNSSAFFFSGFFVVFLSVLPYALIKGIILRKIFTTISFCIVLRMAVTRQFPWAVQTWYDSLGAINKIQDFLQKQEYKTLEYNLTTTEVVMENVTAFWEEGFGELFEKAKQNNNNRKTSNGDDSLFFSNFSLLGTPVLKDINFKIERGQLLAVAGSTGAGKTSLLMVIMGELEPSEGKIKHSGRISFCSQFSWIMPGTIKENIIFGVSYDEYRYRSVIKACQLEEDISKFAEKDNIVLGEGGITLSGGQRARISLARAVYKDADLYLLDSPFGYLDVLTEKEIFESCVCKLMANKTRILVTSKMEHLKKADKILILHEGSSYFYGTFSELQNLQPDFSSKLMGCDSFDQFSAERRNSILTETLHRFSLEGDAPVSWTETKKQSFKQTGEFGEKRKNSILNPINSIRKFSIVQKTPLQMNGIEEDSDEPLERRLSLVPDSEQGEAILPRISVISTGPTLQARRRQSVLNLMTHSVNQGQNIHRKTTASTRKVSLAPQANLTELDIYSRRLSQETGLEISEEINEEDLKECFFDDMESIPAVTTWNTYLRYITVHKSLIFVLIWCLVIFLAEVAASLVVLWLLGNTPLQDKGNSTHSRNNSYAVIITSTSSYYVFYIYVGVADTLLAMGFFRGLPLVHTLITVSKILHHKMLHSVLQAPMSTLNTLKAGGILNRFSKDIAILDDLLPLTIFDFIQLLLIVIGAIAVVAVLQPYIFVATVPVIVAFIMLRAYFLQTSQQLKQLESEGRSPIFTHLVTSLKGLWTLRAFGRQPYFETLFHKALNLHTANWFLYLSTLRWFQMRIEMIFVIFFIAVTFISILTTGEGEGRVGIILTLAMNIMSTLQWAVNSSIDVDSLMRSVSRVFKFIDMPTEGKPTKSTKPYKNGQLSKVMIIENSHVKKDDIWPSGGQMTVKDLTAKYTEGGNAILENISFSISPGQRVGLLGRTGSGKSTLLSAFLRLLNTEGEIQIDGVSWDSITLQQWRKAFGVIPQKVFIFSGTFRKNLDPYEQWSDQEIWKVADEVGLRSVIEQFPGKLDFVLVDGGCVLSHGHKQLMCLARSVLSKAKILLLDEPSAHLDPVTYQIIRRTLKQAFADCTVILCEHRIEAMLECQQFLVIEENKVRQYDSIQKLLNERSLFRQAISPSDRVKLFPHRNSSKCKSKPQIAALKEETEEEVQDTRL*|MQRSPLEKASVVSKLFFSWTRPILRKGYRQRLELSDIYQIPSVDSADNLSEKLEREWDRELASKKNPKLINALRRCFFWRFMFYGIFLYLGEVTKAVQPLLLGRIIASYDPDNKEERSIAIYLGIGLCLLFIVRTLLLHPAIFGLHHIGMQMRIAMFSLIYKKTLKLSSRVLDKISIGQLVSLLSNNLNKFDEGLALAHFVWIAPLQVALLMGLIWELLQASAFCGLGFLIVLALFQAGLGRMMMKYRDQRAGKISERLVITSEMIENIQSVKAYCWEEAMEKMIENLRQTELKLTRKAAYVRYFNSSAFFFSGFFVVFLSVLPYALIKGIILRKIFTTISFCIVLRMAVTRQFPWAVQTWYDSLGAINKIQDFLQKQEYKTLEYNLTTTEVVMENVTAFWEEGFGELFEKAKQNNNNRKTSNGDDSLFFSNFSLLGTPVLKDINFKIERGQLLAVAGSTGAGKTSLLMVIMGELEPSEGKIKHSGRISFCSQFSWIMPGTIKENIIFGVSYDEYRYRSVIKACQLEEDISKFAEKDNIVLGEGGITLSGGQRARISLARAVYKDADLYLLDSPFGYLDVLTEKEIFESCVCKLMANKTRILVTSKMEHLKKADKILILHEGSSYFYGTFSELQNLQPDFSSKLMGCDSFDQFSAERRNSILTETLHRFSLEGDAPVSWTETKKQSFKQTGEFGEKRKNSILNPINSIRKFSIVQKTPLQMNGIEEDSDEPLERRLSLVPDSEQGEAILPRISVISTGPTLQARRRQSVLNLMTHSVNQGQNIHRKTTASTRKVSLAPQANLTELDIYSRRLSQETGLEISEEINEEDLKECFFDDMESIPAVTTWNTYLRYITVHKSLIFVLIWCLVIFLAEVAASLVVLWLLGNTPLQDKGNSTHSRNNSYAVIITSTSSYYVFYIYVGVADTLLAMGFFRGLPLVHTLITVSKILHHKMLHSVLQAPMSTLNTLKAGGILNRFSKDIAILDDLLPLTIFDFIQLLLIVIGAIAVVAVLQPYIFVATVPVIVAFIMLRAYFLQTSQQLKQLESEGRSPIFTHLVTSLKGLWTLRAFGRQPYFETLFHKALNLHTANWFLYLSTLRWFQMRIEMIFVIFFIAVTFISILTTGEGEGRVGIILTLAMNIMSTLQWAVNSSIDVDSLMRSVSRVFKFIDMPTEGKPTKSTKPYKNGQLSKVMIIENSHVKKDDIWPSGGQMTVKDLTAKYTEGGNAILENISFSISPGQRVGLLGRTGSGKSTLLSAFLRLLNTEGEIQIDGVSWDSITLQQWRKAFGVIPQKVFIFSGTFRKNLDPYEQWSDQEIWKVADEVGLRSVIEQFPGKLDFVLVDGGCVLSHSHKQLMCLARSVLSKAKILLLDEPSAHLDPVTYQIIRRTLKQAFADCTVILCEHRIEAMLECQQFLVIEENKVRQYDSIQKLLNERSLFRQAISPSDRVKLFPHRNSSKCKSKPQIAALKEETEEEVQDTRL*
chr7:117664769:G/A:1	chr7	117664769	G|A	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000426809	coding	3955	3955	1319	G>S	*nonsyn	None	MQRSPLEKASVVSKLFFSWTRPILRKGYRQRLELSDIYQIPSVDSADNLSEKLEREWDRELASKKNPKLINALRRCFFWRFMFYGIFLYLGEVTKAVQPLLLGRIIASYDPDNKEERSIAIYLGIGLCLLFIVRTLLLHPAIFGLHHIGMQMRIAMFSLIYKKGLALAHFVWIAPLQVALLMGLIWELLQASAFCGLGFLIVLALFQAGLGRMMMKYRDQRAGKISERLVITSEMIENIQSVKAYCWEEAMEKMIENLRQTELKLTRKAAYVRYFNSSAFFFSGFFVVFLSVLPYALIKGIILRKIFTTISFCIVLRMAVTRQFPWAVQTWYDSLGAINKIQDFLQKQEYKTLEYNLTTTEVVMENVTAFWEEGFGELFEKAKQNNNNRKTSNGDDSLFFSNFSLLGTPVLKDINFKIERGQLLAVAGSTGAGKTSLLMVIMGELEPSEGKIKHSGRISFCSQFSWIMPGTIKENIIFGVSYDEYRYRSVIKACQLEEDISKFAEKDNIVLGEGGITLSGGQRARISLARAVYKDADLYLLDSPFGYLDVLTEKEIFESCVCKLMANKTRILVTSKMEHLKKADKILILHEGSSYFYGTFSELQNLQPDFSSKLMGCDSFDQFSAERRNSILTETLHRFSLEGDAPVSWTETKKQSFKQTGEFGEKRKNSILNPINSIRKFSIVQKTPLQMNGIEEDSDEPLERRLSLVPDSEQGEAILPRISVISTGPTLQARRRQSVLNLMTHSVNQGQNIHRKTTASTRKVSLAPQANLTELDIYSRRLSQETGLEISEEINEEDLKECFFDDMESIPAVTTWNTYLRYITVHKSLIFVLIWCLVIFLAEVAASLVVLWLLGNTPLQDKGNSTHSRNNSYAVIITSTSSYYVFYIYVGVADTLLAMGFFRGLPLVHTLITVSKILHHKMLHSVLQAPMSTLNTLKAGGILNRFSKDIAILDDLLPLTIFDFIQLLLIVIGAIAVVAVLQPYIFVATVPVIVAFIMLRAYFLQTSQQLKQLESEGRSPIFTHLVTSLKGLWTLRAFGRQPYFETLFHKALNLHTANWFLYLSTLRWFQMRIEMIFVIFFIAVTFISILTTGEGEGRVGIILTLAMNIMSTLQWAVNSSIDVDSLMRSVSRVFKFIDMPTEGKPTKSTKPYKNGQLSKVMIIENSHVKKDDIWPSGGQMTVKDLTAKYTEGGNAILENISFSISPGQRVGLLGRTGSGKSTLLSAFLRLLNTEGEIQIDGVSWDSITLQQWRKAFGVIPQKVFIFSGTFRKNLDPYEQWSDQEIWKVADEVGLRSVIEQFPGKLDFVLVDGGCVLSHGHKQLMCLARSVLSKAKILLLDEPSAHLDPVTYQIIRRTLKQAFADCTVILCEHRIEAMLECQQFLVIEENKVRQYDSIQKLLNERSLFRQAISPSDRVKLFPHRNSSKCKSKPQIAALK|MQRSPLEKASVVSKLFFSWTRPILRKGYRQRLELSDIYQIPSVDSADNLSEKLEREWDRELASKKNPKLINALRRCFFWRFMFYGIFLYLGEVTKAVQPLLLGRIIASYDPDNKEERSIAIYLGIGLCLLFIVRTLLLHPAIFGLHHIGMQMRIAMFSLIYKKGLALAHFVWIAPLQVALLMGLIWELLQASAFCGLGFLIVLALFQAGLGRMMMKYRDQRAGKISERLVITSEMIENIQSVKAYCWEEAMEKMIENLRQTELKLTRKAAYVRYFNSSAFFFSGFFVVFLSVLPYALIKGIILRKIFTTISFCIVLRMAVTRQFPWAVQTWYDSLGAINKIQDFLQKQEYKTLEYNLTTTEVVMENVTAFWEEGFGELFEKAKQNNNNRKTSNGDDSLFFSNFSLLGTPVLKDINFKIERGQLLAVAGSTGAGKTSLLMVIMGELEPSEGKIKHSGRISFCSQFSWIMPGTIKENIIFGVSYDEYRYRSVIKACQLEEDISKFAEKDNIVLGEGGITLSGGQRARISLARAVYKDADLYLLDSPFGYLDVLTEKEIFESCVCKLMANKTRILVTSKMEHLKKADKILILHEGSSYFYGTFSELQNLQPDFSSKLMGCDSFDQFSAERRNSILTETLHRFSLEGDAPVSWTETKKQSFKQTGEFGEKRKNSILNPINSIRKFSIVQKTPLQMNGIEEDSDEPLERRLSLVPDSEQGEAILPRISVISTGPTLQARRRQSVLNLMTHSVNQGQNIHRKTTASTRKVSLAPQANLTELDIYSRRLSQETGLEISEEINEEDLKECFFDDMESIPAVTTWNTYLRYITVHKSLIFVLIWCLVIFLAEVAASLVVLWLLGNTPLQDKGNSTHSRNNSYAVIITSTSSYYVFYIYVGVADTLLAMGFFRGLPLVHTLITVSKILHHKMLHSVLQAPMSTLNTLKAGGILNRFSKDIAILDDLLPLTIFDFIQLLLIVIGAIAVVAVLQPYIFVATVPVIVAFIMLRAYFLQTSQQLKQLESEGRSPIFTHLVTSLKGLWTLRAFGRQPYFETLFHKALNLHTANWFLYLSTLRWFQMRIEMIFVIFFIAVTFISILTTGEGEGRVGIILTLAMNIMSTLQWAVNSSIDVDSLMRSVSRVFKFIDMPTEGKPTKSTKPYKNGQLSKVMIIENSHVKKDDIWPSGGQMTVKDLTAKYTEGGNAILENISFSISPGQRVGLLGRTGSGKSTLLSAFLRLLNTEGEIQIDGVSWDSITLQQWRKAFGVIPQKVFIFSGTFRKNLDPYEQWSDQEIWKVADEVGLRSVIEQFPGKLDFVLVDGGCVLSHSHKQLMCLARSVLSKAKILLLDEPSAHLDPVTYQIIRRTLKQAFADCTVILCEHRIEAMLECQQFLVIEENKVRQYDSIQKLLNERSLFRQAISPSDRVKLFPHRNSSKCKSKPQIAALK
chr7:117664769:G/A:1	chr7	117664769	G|A	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000600166	coding	171	172	58	G>S	nonsyn	None	XVFIFSGTFRKNLDPYEQWSDQEIWKVADEVGLRSVIEQFPGKLDFVLVDGGCVLSHGHKQLMCLARSVLSKAKILLLDEPSAHLDPVTYQIIRRTLKQAFADCTVILCEHRIEAMLECQQFLIMMVAGPLFNGGIASLLAMKEKVISTNPGNSYL*|XVFIFSGTFRKNLDPYEQWSDQEIWKVADEVGLRSVIEQFPGKLDFVLVDGGCVLSHSHKQLMCLARSVLSKAKILLLDEPSAHLDPVTYQIIRRTLKQAFADCTVILCEHRIEAMLECQQFLIMMVAGPLFNGGIASLLAMKEKVISTNPGNSYL*
chr7:117664769:G/A:1	chr7	117664769	G|A	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000647720	3utr	1495	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr7:117664769:G/A:1	chr7	117664769	G|A	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000649781	coding	3862	3862	1288	G>S	nonsyn	None	MQRSPLEKASVVSKLFFSWTRPILRKGYRQRLELSDIYQIPSVDSADNLSEKLEREWDRELASKKNPKLINALRRCFFWRFMFYGIFLYLGEVTKAVQPLLLGRIIASYDPDNKEERSIAIYLGIGLCLLFIVRTLLLHPAIFGLHHIGMQMRIAMFSLIYKKTLKLSSRVLDKISIGQLVSLLSNNLNKFDEGLALAHFVWIAPLQVALLMGLIWELLQASAFCGLGFLIVLALFQAGLGRMMMKYRDQRAGKISERLVITSEMIENIQSVKAYCWEEAMEKMIENLRQTELKLTRKAAYVRYFNSSAFFFSGFFVVFLSVLPYALIKGIILRKIFTTISFCIVLRMAVTRQFPWAVQTWYDSLGAINKIQDFLQKQEYKTLEYNLTTTEVVMENVTAFWEETSLLMVIMGELEPSEGKIKHSGRISFCSQFSWIMPGTIKENIIFGVSYDEYRYRSVIKACQLEEDISKFAEKDNIVLGEGGITLSGGQRARISLARAVYKDADLYLLDSPFGYLDVLTEKEIFESCVCKLMANKTRILVTSKMEHLKKADKILILHEGSSYFYGTFSELQNLQPDFSSKLMGCDSFDQFSAERRNSILTETLHRFSLEGDAPVSWTETKKQSFKQTGEFGEKRKNSILNPINSIRKFSIVQKTPLQMNGIEEDSDEPLERRLSLVPDSEQGEAILPRISVISTGPTLQARRRQSVLNLMTHSVNQGQNIHRKTTASTRKVSLAPQANLTELDIYSRRLSQETGLEISEEINEEDLKECFFDDMESIPAVTTWNTYLRYITVHKSLIFVLIWCLVIFLAEVAASLVVLWLLGNTPLQDKGNSTHSRNNSYAVIITSTSSYYVFYIYVGVADTLLAMGFFRGLPLVHTLITVSKILHHKMLHSVLQAPMSTLNTLKAGGILNRFSKDIAILDDLLPLTIFDFIQLLLIVIGAIAVVAVLQPYIFVATVPVIVAFIMLRAYFLQTSQQLKQLESEGRSPIFTHLVTSLKGLWTLRAFGRQPYFETLFHKALNLHTANWFLYLSTLRWFQMRIEMIFVIFFIAVTFISILTTGEGEGRVGIILTLAMNIMSTLQWAVNSSIDVDSLMRSVSRVFKFIDMPTEGKPTKSTKPYKNGQLSKVMIIENSHVKKDDIWPSGGQMTVKDLTAKYTEGGNAILENISFSISPGQRVGLLGRTGSGKSTLLSAFLRLLNTEGEIQIDGVSWDSITLQQWRKAFGVIPQKVFIFSGTFRKNLDPYEQWSDQEIWKVADEVGLRSVIEQFPGKLDFVLVDGGCVLSHGHKQLMCLARSVLSKAKILLLDEPSAHLDPVTYQIIRRTLKQAFADCTVILCEHRIEAMLECQQFLVIEENKVRQYDSIQKLLNERSLFRQAISPSDRVKLFPHRNSSKCKSKPQIAALKEETEEEVQDTRL*|MQRSPLEKASVVSKLFFSWTRPILRKGYRQRLELSDIYQIPSVDSADNLSEKLEREWDRELASKKNPKLINALRRCFFWRFMFYGIFLYLGEVTKAVQPLLLGRIIASYDPDNKEERSIAIYLGIGLCLLFIVRTLLLHPAIFGLHHIGMQMRIAMFSLIYKKTLKLSSRVLDKISIGQLVSLLSNNLNKFDEGLALAHFVWIAPLQVALLMGLIWELLQASAFCGLGFLIVLALFQAGLGRMMMKYRDQRAGKISERLVITSEMIENIQSVKAYCWEEAMEKMIENLRQTELKLTRKAAYVRYFNSSAFFFSGFFVVFLSVLPYALIKGIILRKIFTTISFCIVLRMAVTRQFPWAVQTWYDSLGAINKIQDFLQKQEYKTLEYNLTTTEVVMENVTAFWEETSLLMVIMGELEPSEGKIKHSGRISFCSQFSWIMPGTIKENIIFGVSYDEYRYRSVIKACQLEEDISKFAEKDNIVLGEGGITLSGGQRARISLARAVYKDADLYLLDSPFGYLDVLTEKEIFESCVCKLMANKTRILVTSKMEHLKKADKILILHEGSSYFYGTFSELQNLQPDFSSKLMGCDSFDQFSAERRNSILTETLHRFSLEGDAPVSWTETKKQSFKQTGEFGEKRKNSILNPINSIRKFSIVQKTPLQMNGIEEDSDEPLERRLSLVPDSEQGEAILPRISVISTGPTLQARRRQSVLNLMTHSVNQGQNIHRKTTASTRKVSLAPQANLTELDIYSRRLSQETGLEISEEINEEDLKECFFDDMESIPAVTTWNTYLRYITVHKSLIFVLIWCLVIFLAEVAASLVVLWLLGNTPLQDKGNSTHSRNNSYAVIITSTSSYYVFYIYVGVADTLLAMGFFRGLPLVHTLITVSKILHHKMLHSVLQAPMSTLNTLKAGGILNRFSKDIAILDDLLPLTIFDFIQLLLIVIGAIAVVAVLQPYIFVATVPVIVAFIMLRAYFLQTSQQLKQLESEGRSPIFTHLVTSLKGLWTLRAFGRQPYFETLFHKALNLHTANWFLYLSTLRWFQMRIEMIFVIFFIAVTFISILTTGEGEGRVGIILTLAMNIMSTLQWAVNSSIDVDSLMRSVSRVFKFIDMPTEGKPTKSTKPYKNGQLSKVMIIENSHVKKDDIWPSGGQMTVKDLTAKYTEGGNAILENISFSISPGQRVGLLGRTGSGKSTLLSAFLRLLNTEGEIQIDGVSWDSITLQQWRKAFGVIPQKVFIFSGTFRKNLDPYEQWSDQEIWKVADEVGLRSVIEQFPGKLDFVLVDGGCVLSHSHKQLMCLARSVLSKAKILLLDEPSAHLDPVTYQIIRRTLKQAFADCTVILCEHRIEAMLECQQFLVIEENKVRQYDSIQKLLNERSLFRQAISPSDRVKLFPHRNSSKCKSKPQIAALKEETEEEVQDTRL*
chr7:117664895:G/T:1	chr7	117664895	G|T	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000003084	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	35	None
chr7:117664895:G/T:1	chr7	117664895	G|T	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000426809	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	35	None
chr7:117664895:G/T:1	chr7	117664895	G|T	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000600166	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	35	None
chr7:117664895:G/T:1	chr7	117664895	G|T	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000647720	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	35	None
chr7:117664895:G/T:1	chr7	117664895	G|T	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000649781	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	35	None
chr7:117665479:G/T:1	chr7	117665479	G|T	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000003084	coding	4289	4157	1386	R>I	nonsyn	None	MQRSPLEKASVVSKLFFSWTRPILRKGYRQRLELSDIYQIPSVDSADNLSEKLEREWDRELASKKNPKLINALRRCFFWRFMFYGIFLYLGEVTKAVQPLLLGRIIASYDPDNKEERSIAIYLGIGLCLLFIVRTLLLHPAIFGLHHIGMQMRIAMFSLIYKKTLKLSSRVLDKISIGQLVSLLSNNLNKFDEGLALAHFVWIAPLQVALLMGLIWELLQASAFCGLGFLIVLALFQAGLGRMMMKYRDQRAGKISERLVITSEMIENIQSVKAYCWEEAMEKMIENLRQTELKLTRKAAYVRYFNSSAFFFSGFFVVFLSVLPYALIKGIILRKIFTTISFCIVLRMAVTRQFPWAVQTWYDSLGAINKIQDFLQKQEYKTLEYNLTTTEVVMENVTAFWEEGFGELFEKAKQNNNNRKTSNGDDSLFFSNFSLLGTPVLKDINFKIERGQLLAVAGSTGAGKTSLLMVIMGELEPSEGKIKHSGRISFCSQFSWIMPGTIKENIIFGVSYDEYRYRSVIKACQLEEDISKFAEKDNIVLGEGGITLSGGQRARISLARAVYKDADLYLLDSPFGYLDVLTEKEIFESCVCKLMANKTRILVTSKMEHLKKADKILILHEGSSYFYGTFSELQNLQPDFSSKLMGCDSFDQFSAERRNSILTETLHRFSLEGDAPVSWTETKKQSFKQTGEFGEKRKNSILNPINSIRKFSIVQKTPLQMNGIEEDSDEPLERRLSLVPDSEQGEAILPRISVISTGPTLQARRRQSVLNLMTHSVNQGQNIHRKTTASTRKVSLAPQANLTELDIYSRRLSQETGLEISEEINEEDLKECFFDDMESIPAVTTWNTYLRYITVHKSLIFVLIWCLVIFLAEVAASLVVLWLLGNTPLQDKGNSTHSRNNSYAVIITSTSSYYVFYIYVGVADTLLAMGFFRGLPLVHTLITVSKILHHKMLHSVLQAPMSTLNTLKAGGILNRFSKDIAILDDLLPLTIFDFIQLLLIVIGAIAVVAVLQPYIFVATVPVIVAFIMLRAYFLQTSQQLKQLESEGRSPIFTHLVTSLKGLWTLRAFGRQPYFETLFHKALNLHTANWFLYLSTLRWFQMRIEMIFVIFFIAVTFISILTTGEGEGRVGIILTLAMNIMSTLQWAVNSSIDVDSLMRSVSRVFKFIDMPTEGKPTKSTKPYKNGQLSKVMIIENSHVKKDDIWPSGGQMTVKDLTAKYTEGGNAILENISFSISPGQRVGLLGRTGSGKSTLLSAFLRLLNTEGEIQIDGVSWDSITLQQWRKAFGVIPQKVFIFSGTFRKNLDPYEQWSDQEIWKVADEVGLRSVIEQFPGKLDFVLVDGGCVLSHGHKQLMCLARSVLSKAKILLLDEPSAHLDPVTYQIIRRTLKQAFADCTVILCEHRIEAMLECQQFLVIEENKVRQYDSIQKLLNERSLFRQAISPSDRVKLFPHRNSSKCKSKPQIAALKEETEEEVQDTRL*|MQRSPLEKASVVSKLFFSWTRPILRKGYRQRLELSDIYQIPSVDSADNLSEKLEREWDRELASKKNPKLINALRRCFFWRFMFYGIFLYLGEVTKAVQPLLLGRIIASYDPDNKEERSIAIYLGIGLCLLFIVRTLLLHPAIFGLHHIGMQMRIAMFSLIYKKTLKLSSRVLDKISIGQLVSLLSNNLNKFDEGLALAHFVWIAPLQVALLMGLIWELLQASAFCGLGFLIVLALFQAGLGRMMMKYRDQRAGKISERLVITSEMIENIQSVKAYCWEEAMEKMIENLRQTELKLTRKAAYVRYFNSSAFFFSGFFVVFLSVLPYALIKGIILRKIFTTISFCIVLRMAVTRQFPWAVQTWYDSLGAINKIQDFLQKQEYKTLEYNLTTTEVVMENVTAFWEEGFGELFEKAKQNNNNRKTSNGDDSLFFSNFSLLGTPVLKDINFKIERGQLLAVAGSTGAGKTSLLMVIMGELEPSEGKIKHSGRISFCSQFSWIMPGTIKENIIFGVSYDEYRYRSVIKACQLEEDISKFAEKDNIVLGEGGITLSGGQRARISLARAVYKDADLYLLDSPFGYLDVLTEKEIFESCVCKLMANKTRILVTSKMEHLKKADKILILHEGSSYFYGTFSELQNLQPDFSSKLMGCDSFDQFSAERRNSILTETLHRFSLEGDAPVSWTETKKQSFKQTGEFGEKRKNSILNPINSIRKFSIVQKTPLQMNGIEEDSDEPLERRLSLVPDSEQGEAILPRISVISTGPTLQARRRQSVLNLMTHSVNQGQNIHRKTTASTRKVSLAPQANLTELDIYSRRLSQETGLEISEEINEEDLKECFFDDMESIPAVTTWNTYLRYITVHKSLIFVLIWCLVIFLAEVAASLVVLWLLGNTPLQDKGNSTHSRNNSYAVIITSTSSYYVFYIYVGVADTLLAMGFFRGLPLVHTLITVSKILHHKMLHSVLQAPMSTLNTLKAGGILNRFSKDIAILDDLLPLTIFDFIQLLLIVIGAIAVVAVLQPYIFVATVPVIVAFIMLRAYFLQTSQQLKQLESEGRSPIFTHLVTSLKGLWTLRAFGRQPYFETLFHKALNLHTANWFLYLSTLRWFQMRIEMIFVIFFIAVTFISILTTGEGEGRVGIILTLAMNIMSTLQWAVNSSIDVDSLMRSVSRVFKFIDMPTEGKPTKSTKPYKNGQLSKVMIIENSHVKKDDIWPSGGQMTVKDLTAKYTEGGNAILENISFSISPGQRVGLLGRTGSGKSTLLSAFLRLLNTEGEIQIDGVSWDSITLQQWRKAFGVIPQKVFIFSGTFRKNLDPYEQWSDQEIWKVADEVGLRSVIEQFPGKLDFVLVDGGCVLSHGHKQLMCLARSVLSKAKILLLDEPSAHLDPVTYQIIRITLKQAFADCTVILCEHRIEAMLECQQFLVIEENKVRQYDSIQKLLNERSLFRQAISPSDRVKLFPHRNSSKCKSKPQIAALKEETEEEVQDTRL*
chr7:117665479:G/T:1	chr7	117665479	G|T	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000426809	coding	4067	4067	1356	R>I	*nonsyn	None	MQRSPLEKASVVSKLFFSWTRPILRKGYRQRLELSDIYQIPSVDSADNLSEKLEREWDRELASKKNPKLINALRRCFFWRFMFYGIFLYLGEVTKAVQPLLLGRIIASYDPDNKEERSIAIYLGIGLCLLFIVRTLLLHPAIFGLHHIGMQMRIAMFSLIYKKGLALAHFVWIAPLQVALLMGLIWELLQASAFCGLGFLIVLALFQAGLGRMMMKYRDQRAGKISERLVITSEMIENIQSVKAYCWEEAMEKMIENLRQTELKLTRKAAYVRYFNSSAFFFSGFFVVFLSVLPYALIKGIILRKIFTTISFCIVLRMAVTRQFPWAVQTWYDSLGAINKIQDFLQKQEYKTLEYNLTTTEVVMENVTAFWEEGFGELFEKAKQNNNNRKTSNGDDSLFFSNFSLLGTPVLKDINFKIERGQLLAVAGSTGAGKTSLLMVIMGELEPSEGKIKHSGRISFCSQFSWIMPGTIKENIIFGVSYDEYRYRSVIKACQLEEDISKFAEKDNIVLGEGGITLSGGQRARISLARAVYKDADLYLLDSPFGYLDVLTEKEIFESCVCKLMANKTRILVTSKMEHLKKADKILILHEGSSYFYGTFSELQNLQPDFSSKLMGCDSFDQFSAERRNSILTETLHRFSLEGDAPVSWTETKKQSFKQTGEFGEKRKNSILNPINSIRKFSIVQKTPLQMNGIEEDSDEPLERRLSLVPDSEQGEAILPRISVISTGPTLQARRRQSVLNLMTHSVNQGQNIHRKTTASTRKVSLAPQANLTELDIYSRRLSQETGLEISEEINEEDLKECFFDDMESIPAVTTWNTYLRYITVHKSLIFVLIWCLVIFLAEVAASLVVLWLLGNTPLQDKGNSTHSRNNSYAVIITSTSSYYVFYIYVGVADTLLAMGFFRGLPLVHTLITVSKILHHKMLHSVLQAPMSTLNTLKAGGILNRFSKDIAILDDLLPLTIFDFIQLLLIVIGAIAVVAVLQPYIFVATVPVIVAFIMLRAYFLQTSQQLKQLESEGRSPIFTHLVTSLKGLWTLRAFGRQPYFETLFHKALNLHTANWFLYLSTLRWFQMRIEMIFVIFFIAVTFISILTTGEGEGRVGIILTLAMNIMSTLQWAVNSSIDVDSLMRSVSRVFKFIDMPTEGKPTKSTKPYKNGQLSKVMIIENSHVKKDDIWPSGGQMTVKDLTAKYTEGGNAILENISFSISPGQRVGLLGRTGSGKSTLLSAFLRLLNTEGEIQIDGVSWDSITLQQWRKAFGVIPQKVFIFSGTFRKNLDPYEQWSDQEIWKVADEVGLRSVIEQFPGKLDFVLVDGGCVLSHGHKQLMCLARSVLSKAKILLLDEPSAHLDPVTYQIIRRTLKQAFADCTVILCEHRIEAMLECQQFLVIEENKVRQYDSIQKLLNERSLFRQAISPSDRVKLFPHRNSSKCKSKPQIAALK|MQRSPLEKASVVSKLFFSWTRPILRKGYRQRLELSDIYQIPSVDSADNLSEKLEREWDRELASKKNPKLINALRRCFFWRFMFYGIFLYLGEVTKAVQPLLLGRIIASYDPDNKEERSIAIYLGIGLCLLFIVRTLLLHPAIFGLHHIGMQMRIAMFSLIYKKGLALAHFVWIAPLQVALLMGLIWELLQASAFCGLGFLIVLALFQAGLGRMMMKYRDQRAGKISERLVITSEMIENIQSVKAYCWEEAMEKMIENLRQTELKLTRKAAYVRYFNSSAFFFSGFFVVFLSVLPYALIKGIILRKIFTTISFCIVLRMAVTRQFPWAVQTWYDSLGAINKIQDFLQKQEYKTLEYNLTTTEVVMENVTAFWEEGFGELFEKAKQNNNNRKTSNGDDSLFFSNFSLLGTPVLKDINFKIERGQLLAVAGSTGAGKTSLLMVIMGELEPSEGKIKHSGRISFCSQFSWIMPGTIKENIIFGVSYDEYRYRSVIKACQLEEDISKFAEKDNIVLGEGGITLSGGQRARISLARAVYKDADLYLLDSPFGYLDVLTEKEIFESCVCKLMANKTRILVTSKMEHLKKADKILILHEGSSYFYGTFSELQNLQPDFSSKLMGCDSFDQFSAERRNSILTETLHRFSLEGDAPVSWTETKKQSFKQTGEFGEKRKNSILNPINSIRKFSIVQKTPLQMNGIEEDSDEPLERRLSLVPDSEQGEAILPRISVISTGPTLQARRRQSVLNLMTHSVNQGQNIHRKTTASTRKVSLAPQANLTELDIYSRRLSQETGLEISEEINEEDLKECFFDDMESIPAVTTWNTYLRYITVHKSLIFVLIWCLVIFLAEVAASLVVLWLLGNTPLQDKGNSTHSRNNSYAVIITSTSSYYVFYIYVGVADTLLAMGFFRGLPLVHTLITVSKILHHKMLHSVLQAPMSTLNTLKAGGILNRFSKDIAILDDLLPLTIFDFIQLLLIVIGAIAVVAVLQPYIFVATVPVIVAFIMLRAYFLQTSQQLKQLESEGRSPIFTHLVTSLKGLWTLRAFGRQPYFETLFHKALNLHTANWFLYLSTLRWFQMRIEMIFVIFFIAVTFISILTTGEGEGRVGIILTLAMNIMSTLQWAVNSSIDVDSLMRSVSRVFKFIDMPTEGKPTKSTKPYKNGQLSKVMIIENSHVKKDDIWPSGGQMTVKDLTAKYTEGGNAILENISFSISPGQRVGLLGRTGSGKSTLLSAFLRLLNTEGEIQIDGVSWDSITLQQWRKAFGVIPQKVFIFSGTFRKNLDPYEQWSDQEIWKVADEVGLRSVIEQFPGKLDFVLVDGGCVLSHGHKQLMCLARSVLSKAKILLLDEPSAHLDPVTYQIIRITLKQAFADCTVILCEHRIEAMLECQQFLVIEENKVRQYDSIQKLLNERSLFRQAISPSDRVKLFPHRNSSKCKSKPQIAALK
chr7:117665479:G/T:1	chr7	117665479	G|T	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000600166	coding	283	284	95	R>I	nonsyn	None	XVFIFSGTFRKNLDPYEQWSDQEIWKVADEVGLRSVIEQFPGKLDFVLVDGGCVLSHGHKQLMCLARSVLSKAKILLLDEPSAHLDPVTYQIIRRTLKQAFADCTVILCEHRIEAMLECQQFLIMMVAGPLFNGGIASLLAMKEKVISTNPGNSYL*|XVFIFSGTFRKNLDPYEQWSDQEIWKVADEVGLRSVIEQFPGKLDFVLVDGGCVLSHGHKQLMCLARSVLSKAKILLLDEPSAHLDPVTYQIIRITLKQAFADCTVILCEHRIEAMLECQQFLIMMVAGPLFNGGIASLLAMKEKVISTNPGNSYL*
chr7:117665479:G/T:1	chr7	117665479	G|T	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000647720	3utr	1607	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr7:117665479:G/T:1	chr7	117665479	G|T	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000649781	coding	3974	3974	1325	R>I	nonsyn	None	MQRSPLEKASVVSKLFFSWTRPILRKGYRQRLELSDIYQIPSVDSADNLSEKLEREWDRELASKKNPKLINALRRCFFWRFMFYGIFLYLGEVTKAVQPLLLGRIIASYDPDNKEERSIAIYLGIGLCLLFIVRTLLLHPAIFGLHHIGMQMRIAMFSLIYKKTLKLSSRVLDKISIGQLVSLLSNNLNKFDEGLALAHFVWIAPLQVALLMGLIWELLQASAFCGLGFLIVLALFQAGLGRMMMKYRDQRAGKISERLVITSEMIENIQSVKAYCWEEAMEKMIENLRQTELKLTRKAAYVRYFNSSAFFFSGFFVVFLSVLPYALIKGIILRKIFTTISFCIVLRMAVTRQFPWAVQTWYDSLGAINKIQDFLQKQEYKTLEYNLTTTEVVMENVTAFWEETSLLMVIMGELEPSEGKIKHSGRISFCSQFSWIMPGTIKENIIFGVSYDEYRYRSVIKACQLEEDISKFAEKDNIVLGEGGITLSGGQRARISLARAVYKDADLYLLDSPFGYLDVLTEKEIFESCVCKLMANKTRILVTSKMEHLKKADKILILHEGSSYFYGTFSELQNLQPDFSSKLMGCDSFDQFSAERRNSILTETLHRFSLEGDAPVSWTETKKQSFKQTGEFGEKRKNSILNPINSIRKFSIVQKTPLQMNGIEEDSDEPLERRLSLVPDSEQGEAILPRISVISTGPTLQARRRQSVLNLMTHSVNQGQNIHRKTTASTRKVSLAPQANLTELDIYSRRLSQETGLEISEEINEEDLKECFFDDMESIPAVTTWNTYLRYITVHKSLIFVLIWCLVIFLAEVAASLVVLWLLGNTPLQDKGNSTHSRNNSYAVIITSTSSYYVFYIYVGVADTLLAMGFFRGLPLVHTLITVSKILHHKMLHSVLQAPMSTLNTLKAGGILNRFSKDIAILDDLLPLTIFDFIQLLLIVIGAIAVVAVLQPYIFVATVPVIVAFIMLRAYFLQTSQQLKQLESEGRSPIFTHLVTSLKGLWTLRAFGRQPYFETLFHKALNLHTANWFLYLSTLRWFQMRIEMIFVIFFIAVTFISILTTGEGEGRVGIILTLAMNIMSTLQWAVNSSIDVDSLMRSVSRVFKFIDMPTEGKPTKSTKPYKNGQLSKVMIIENSHVKKDDIWPSGGQMTVKDLTAKYTEGGNAILENISFSISPGQRVGLLGRTGSGKSTLLSAFLRLLNTEGEIQIDGVSWDSITLQQWRKAFGVIPQKVFIFSGTFRKNLDPYEQWSDQEIWKVADEVGLRSVIEQFPGKLDFVLVDGGCVLSHGHKQLMCLARSVLSKAKILLLDEPSAHLDPVTYQIIRRTLKQAFADCTVILCEHRIEAMLECQQFLVIEENKVRQYDSIQKLLNERSLFRQAISPSDRVKLFPHRNSSKCKSKPQIAALKEETEEEVQDTRL*|MQRSPLEKASVVSKLFFSWTRPILRKGYRQRLELSDIYQIPSVDSADNLSEKLEREWDRELASKKNPKLINALRRCFFWRFMFYGIFLYLGEVTKAVQPLLLGRIIASYDPDNKEERSIAIYLGIGLCLLFIVRTLLLHPAIFGLHHIGMQMRIAMFSLIYKKTLKLSSRVLDKISIGQLVSLLSNNLNKFDEGLALAHFVWIAPLQVALLMGLIWELLQASAFCGLGFLIVLALFQAGLGRMMMKYRDQRAGKISERLVITSEMIENIQSVKAYCWEEAMEKMIENLRQTELKLTRKAAYVRYFNSSAFFFSGFFVVFLSVLPYALIKGIILRKIFTTISFCIVLRMAVTRQFPWAVQTWYDSLGAINKIQDFLQKQEYKTLEYNLTTTEVVMENVTAFWEETSLLMVIMGELEPSEGKIKHSGRISFCSQFSWIMPGTIKENIIFGVSYDEYRYRSVIKACQLEEDISKFAEKDNIVLGEGGITLSGGQRARISLARAVYKDADLYLLDSPFGYLDVLTEKEIFESCVCKLMANKTRILVTSKMEHLKKADKILILHEGSSYFYGTFSELQNLQPDFSSKLMGCDSFDQFSAERRNSILTETLHRFSLEGDAPVSWTETKKQSFKQTGEFGEKRKNSILNPINSIRKFSIVQKTPLQMNGIEEDSDEPLERRLSLVPDSEQGEAILPRISVISTGPTLQARRRQSVLNLMTHSVNQGQNIHRKTTASTRKVSLAPQANLTELDIYSRRLSQETGLEISEEINEEDLKECFFDDMESIPAVTTWNTYLRYITVHKSLIFVLIWCLVIFLAEVAASLVVLWLLGNTPLQDKGNSTHSRNNSYAVIITSTSSYYVFYIYVGVADTLLAMGFFRGLPLVHTLITVSKILHHKMLHSVLQAPMSTLNTLKAGGILNRFSKDIAILDDLLPLTIFDFIQLLLIVIGAIAVVAVLQPYIFVATVPVIVAFIMLRAYFLQTSQQLKQLESEGRSPIFTHLVTSLKGLWTLRAFGRQPYFETLFHKALNLHTANWFLYLSTLRWFQMRIEMIFVIFFIAVTFISILTTGEGEGRVGIILTLAMNIMSTLQWAVNSSIDVDSLMRSVSRVFKFIDMPTEGKPTKSTKPYKNGQLSKVMIIENSHVKKDDIWPSGGQMTVKDLTAKYTEGGNAILENISFSISPGQRVGLLGRTGSGKSTLLSAFLRLLNTEGEIQIDGVSWDSITLQQWRKAFGVIPQKVFIFSGTFRKNLDPYEQWSDQEIWKVADEVGLRSVIEQFPGKLDFVLVDGGCVLSHGHKQLMCLARSVLSKAKILLLDEPSAHLDPVTYQIIRITLKQAFADCTVILCEHRIEAMLECQQFLVIEENKVRQYDSIQKLLNERSLFRQAISPSDRVKLFPHRNSSKCKSKPQIAALKEETEEEVQDTRL*
chr7:117665596:T/C:1	chr7	117665596	T|C	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000003084	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	32	None
chr7:117665596:T/C:1	chr7	117665596	T|C	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000426809	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	32	None
chr7:117665596:T/C:1	chr7	117665596	T|C	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000647720	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	32	None
chr7:117665596:T/C:1	chr7	117665596	T|C	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000649781	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	32	None
chr7:117665596:T/C:1	chr7	117665596	T|C	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000600166	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	32	None
chr7:117666749:C/T:1	chr7	117666749	C|T	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000003084	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	159	None
chr7:117666749:C/T:1	chr7	117666749	C|T	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000426809	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	159	None
chr7:117666749:C/T:1	chr7	117666749	C|T	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000647720	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	159	None
chr7:117666749:C/T:1	chr7	117666749	C|T	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000649781	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	159	None
chr7:117666749:C/T:1	chr7	117666749	C|T	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000600166	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	1185	None
chr7:117666763:G/T:1	chr7	117666763	G|T	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000003084	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	145	None
chr7:117666763:G/T:1	chr7	117666763	G|T	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000426809	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	145	None
chr7:117666763:G/T:1	chr7	117666763	G|T	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000647720	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	145	None
chr7:117666763:G/T:1	chr7	117666763	G|T	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000649781	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	145	None
chr7:117666763:G/T:1	chr7	117666763	G|T	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000600166	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	1199	None
chr7:117666773:TG/T:1	chr7	117666774	G|-	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000003084	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	134	None
chr7:117666773:TG/T:1	chr7	117666774	G|-	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000426809	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	134	None
chr7:117666773:TG/T:1	chr7	117666774	G|-	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000647720	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	134	None
chr7:117666773:TG/T:1	chr7	117666774	G|-	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000649781	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	134	None
chr7:117666773:TG/T:1	chr7	117666774	G|-	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000600166	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	1210	None
chr7:117666798:G/C:1	chr7	117666798	G|C	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000003084	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	110	None
chr7:117666798:G/C:1	chr7	117666798	G|C	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000426809	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	110	None
chr7:117666798:G/C:1	chr7	117666798	G|C	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000647720	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	110	None
chr7:117666798:G/C:1	chr7	117666798	G|C	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000649781	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	110	None
chr7:117666798:G/C:1	chr7	117666798	G|C	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000600166	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	1234	None
chr7:117666804:G/A:1	chr7	117666804	G|A	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000003084	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	104	None
chr7:117666804:G/A:1	chr7	117666804	G|A	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000426809	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	104	None
chr7:117666804:G/A:1	chr7	117666804	G|A	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000647720	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	104	None
chr7:117666804:G/A:1	chr7	117666804	G|A	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000649781	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	104	None
chr7:117666804:G/A:1	chr7	117666804	G|A	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000600166	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	1240	None
chr7:117666805:C/A:1	chr7	117666805	C|A	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000003084	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	103	None
chr7:117666805:C/A:1	chr7	117666805	C|A	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000426809	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	103	None
chr7:117666805:C/A:1	chr7	117666805	C|A	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000647720	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	103	None
chr7:117666805:C/A:1	chr7	117666805	C|A	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000649781	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	103	None
chr7:117666805:C/A:1	chr7	117666805	C|A	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000600166	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	1241	None
chr7:117666815:C/A:1	chr7	117666815	C|A	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000003084	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	93	None
chr7:117666815:C/A:1	chr7	117666815	C|A	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000426809	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	93	None
chr7:117666815:C/A:1	chr7	117666815	C|A	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000647720	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	93	None
chr7:117666815:C/A:1	chr7	117666815	C|A	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000649781	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	93	None
chr7:117666815:C/A:1	chr7	117666815	C|A	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000600166	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	1251	None
chr7:117666815:CT/C:1	chr7	117666816	T|-	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000003084	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	92	None
chr7:117666815:CT/C:1	chr7	117666816	T|-	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000426809	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	92	None
chr7:117666815:CT/C:1	chr7	117666816	T|-	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000647720	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	92	None
chr7:117666815:CT/C:1	chr7	117666816	T|-	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000649781	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	92	None
chr7:117666815:CT/C:1	chr7	117666816	T|-	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000600166	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	1252	None
chr7:117666887:C/A:1	chr7	117666887	C|A	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000003084	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	21	None
chr7:117666887:C/A:1	chr7	117666887	C|A	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000426809	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	21	None
chr7:117666887:C/A:1	chr7	117666887	C|A	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000647720	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	21	None
chr7:117666887:C/A:1	chr7	117666887	C|A	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000649781	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	21	None
chr7:117666887:C/A:1	chr7	117666887	C|A	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000600166	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	1323	None
chr7:117666902:C/T:1	chr7	117666902	C|T	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000003084	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	6	None
chr7:117666902:C/T:1	chr7	117666902	C|T	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000426809	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	6	None
chr7:117666902:C/T:1	chr7	117666902	C|T	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000647720	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	6	None
chr7:117666902:C/T:1	chr7	117666902	C|T	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000649781	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	6	None
chr7:117666902:C/T:1	chr7	117666902	C|T	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000600166	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	1338	None
chr7:117666997:C/T:1	chr7	117666997	C|T	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000600166	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	1433	None
chr7:117666997:C/T:1	chr7	117666997	C|T	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000426809	coding	4242	4242	1414	S>S	*syn	None	MQRSPLEKASVVSKLFFSWTRPILRKGYRQRLELSDIYQIPSVDSADNLSEKLEREWDRELASKKNPKLINALRRCFFWRFMFYGIFLYLGEVTKAVQPLLLGRIIASYDPDNKEERSIAIYLGIGLCLLFIVRTLLLHPAIFGLHHIGMQMRIAMFSLIYKKGLALAHFVWIAPLQVALLMGLIWELLQASAFCGLGFLIVLALFQAGLGRMMMKYRDQRAGKISERLVITSEMIENIQSVKAYCWEEAMEKMIENLRQTELKLTRKAAYVRYFNSSAFFFSGFFVVFLSVLPYALIKGIILRKIFTTISFCIVLRMAVTRQFPWAVQTWYDSLGAINKIQDFLQKQEYKTLEYNLTTTEVVMENVTAFWEEGFGELFEKAKQNNNNRKTSNGDDSLFFSNFSLLGTPVLKDINFKIERGQLLAVAGSTGAGKTSLLMVIMGELEPSEGKIKHSGRISFCSQFSWIMPGTIKENIIFGVSYDEYRYRSVIKACQLEEDISKFAEKDNIVLGEGGITLSGGQRARISLARAVYKDADLYLLDSPFGYLDVLTEKEIFESCVCKLMANKTRILVTSKMEHLKKADKILILHEGSSYFYGTFSELQNLQPDFSSKLMGCDSFDQFSAERRNSILTETLHRFSLEGDAPVSWTETKKQSFKQTGEFGEKRKNSILNPINSIRKFSIVQKTPLQMNGIEEDSDEPLERRLSLVPDSEQGEAILPRISVISTGPTLQARRRQSVLNLMTHSVNQGQNIHRKTTASTRKVSLAPQANLTELDIYSRRLSQETGLEISEEINEEDLKECFFDDMESIPAVTTWNTYLRYITVHKSLIFVLIWCLVIFLAEVAASLVVLWLLGNTPLQDKGNSTHSRNNSYAVIITSTSSYYVFYIYVGVADTLLAMGFFRGLPLVHTLITVSKILHHKMLHSVLQAPMSTLNTLKAGGILNRFSKDIAILDDLLPLTIFDFIQLLLIVIGAIAVVAVLQPYIFVATVPVIVAFIMLRAYFLQTSQQLKQLESEGRSPIFTHLVTSLKGLWTLRAFGRQPYFETLFHKALNLHTANWFLYLSTLRWFQMRIEMIFVIFFIAVTFISILTTGEGEGRVGIILTLAMNIMSTLQWAVNSSIDVDSLMRSVSRVFKFIDMPTEGKPTKSTKPYKNGQLSKVMIIENSHVKKDDIWPSGGQMTVKDLTAKYTEGGNAILENISFSISPGQRVGLLGRTGSGKSTLLSAFLRLLNTEGEIQIDGVSWDSITLQQWRKAFGVIPQKVFIFSGTFRKNLDPYEQWSDQEIWKVADEVGLRSVIEQFPGKLDFVLVDGGCVLSHGHKQLMCLARSVLSKAKILLLDEPSAHLDPVTYQIIRRTLKQAFADCTVILCEHRIEAMLECQQFLVIEENKVRQYDSIQKLLNERSLFRQAISPSDRVKLFPHRNSSKCKSKPQIAALK
chr7:117666997:C/T:1	chr7	117666997	C|T	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000003084	coding	4464	4332	1444	S>S	syn	None	MQRSPLEKASVVSKLFFSWTRPILRKGYRQRLELSDIYQIPSVDSADNLSEKLEREWDRELASKKNPKLINALRRCFFWRFMFYGIFLYLGEVTKAVQPLLLGRIIASYDPDNKEERSIAIYLGIGLCLLFIVRTLLLHPAIFGLHHIGMQMRIAMFSLIYKKTLKLSSRVLDKISIGQLVSLLSNNLNKFDEGLALAHFVWIAPLQVALLMGLIWELLQASAFCGLGFLIVLALFQAGLGRMMMKYRDQRAGKISERLVITSEMIENIQSVKAYCWEEAMEKMIENLRQTELKLTRKAAYVRYFNSSAFFFSGFFVVFLSVLPYALIKGIILRKIFTTISFCIVLRMAVTRQFPWAVQTWYDSLGAINKIQDFLQKQEYKTLEYNLTTTEVVMENVTAFWEEGFGELFEKAKQNNNNRKTSNGDDSLFFSNFSLLGTPVLKDINFKIERGQLLAVAGSTGAGKTSLLMVIMGELEPSEGKIKHSGRISFCSQFSWIMPGTIKENIIFGVSYDEYRYRSVIKACQLEEDISKFAEKDNIVLGEGGITLSGGQRARISLARAVYKDADLYLLDSPFGYLDVLTEKEIFESCVCKLMANKTRILVTSKMEHLKKADKILILHEGSSYFYGTFSELQNLQPDFSSKLMGCDSFDQFSAERRNSILTETLHRFSLEGDAPVSWTETKKQSFKQTGEFGEKRKNSILNPINSIRKFSIVQKTPLQMNGIEEDSDEPLERRLSLVPDSEQGEAILPRISVISTGPTLQARRRQSVLNLMTHSVNQGQNIHRKTTASTRKVSLAPQANLTELDIYSRRLSQETGLEISEEINEEDLKECFFDDMESIPAVTTWNTYLRYITVHKSLIFVLIWCLVIFLAEVAASLVVLWLLGNTPLQDKGNSTHSRNNSYAVIITSTSSYYVFYIYVGVADTLLAMGFFRGLPLVHTLITVSKILHHKMLHSVLQAPMSTLNTLKAGGILNRFSKDIAILDDLLPLTIFDFIQLLLIVIGAIAVVAVLQPYIFVATVPVIVAFIMLRAYFLQTSQQLKQLESEGRSPIFTHLVTSLKGLWTLRAFGRQPYFETLFHKALNLHTANWFLYLSTLRWFQMRIEMIFVIFFIAVTFISILTTGEGEGRVGIILTLAMNIMSTLQWAVNSSIDVDSLMRSVSRVFKFIDMPTEGKPTKSTKPYKNGQLSKVMIIENSHVKKDDIWPSGGQMTVKDLTAKYTEGGNAILENISFSISPGQRVGLLGRTGSGKSTLLSAFLRLLNTEGEIQIDGVSWDSITLQQWRKAFGVIPQKVFIFSGTFRKNLDPYEQWSDQEIWKVADEVGLRSVIEQFPGKLDFVLVDGGCVLSHGHKQLMCLARSVLSKAKILLLDEPSAHLDPVTYQIIRRTLKQAFADCTVILCEHRIEAMLECQQFLVIEENKVRQYDSIQKLLNERSLFRQAISPSDRVKLFPHRNSSKCKSKPQIAALKEETEEEVQDTRL*
chr7:117666997:C/T:1	chr7	117666997	C|T	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000649781	coding	4149	4149	1383	S>S	syn	None	MQRSPLEKASVVSKLFFSWTRPILRKGYRQRLELSDIYQIPSVDSADNLSEKLEREWDRELASKKNPKLINALRRCFFWRFMFYGIFLYLGEVTKAVQPLLLGRIIASYDPDNKEERSIAIYLGIGLCLLFIVRTLLLHPAIFGLHHIGMQMRIAMFSLIYKKTLKLSSRVLDKISIGQLVSLLSNNLNKFDEGLALAHFVWIAPLQVALLMGLIWELLQASAFCGLGFLIVLALFQAGLGRMMMKYRDQRAGKISERLVITSEMIENIQSVKAYCWEEAMEKMIENLRQTELKLTRKAAYVRYFNSSAFFFSGFFVVFLSVLPYALIKGIILRKIFTTISFCIVLRMAVTRQFPWAVQTWYDSLGAINKIQDFLQKQEYKTLEYNLTTTEVVMENVTAFWEETSLLMVIMGELEPSEGKIKHSGRISFCSQFSWIMPGTIKENIIFGVSYDEYRYRSVIKACQLEEDISKFAEKDNIVLGEGGITLSGGQRARISLARAVYKDADLYLLDSPFGYLDVLTEKEIFESCVCKLMANKTRILVTSKMEHLKKADKILILHEGSSYFYGTFSELQNLQPDFSSKLMGCDSFDQFSAERRNSILTETLHRFSLEGDAPVSWTETKKQSFKQTGEFGEKRKNSILNPINSIRKFSIVQKTPLQMNGIEEDSDEPLERRLSLVPDSEQGEAILPRISVISTGPTLQARRRQSVLNLMTHSVNQGQNIHRKTTASTRKVSLAPQANLTELDIYSRRLSQETGLEISEEINEEDLKECFFDDMESIPAVTTWNTYLRYITVHKSLIFVLIWCLVIFLAEVAASLVVLWLLGNTPLQDKGNSTHSRNNSYAVIITSTSSYYVFYIYVGVADTLLAMGFFRGLPLVHTLITVSKILHHKMLHSVLQAPMSTLNTLKAGGILNRFSKDIAILDDLLPLTIFDFIQLLLIVIGAIAVVAVLQPYIFVATVPVIVAFIMLRAYFLQTSQQLKQLESEGRSPIFTHLVTSLKGLWTLRAFGRQPYFETLFHKALNLHTANWFLYLSTLRWFQMRIEMIFVIFFIAVTFISILTTGEGEGRVGIILTLAMNIMSTLQWAVNSSIDVDSLMRSVSRVFKFIDMPTEGKPTKSTKPYKNGQLSKVMIIENSHVKKDDIWPSGGQMTVKDLTAKYTEGGNAILENISFSISPGQRVGLLGRTGSGKSTLLSAFLRLLNTEGEIQIDGVSWDSITLQQWRKAFGVIPQKVFIFSGTFRKNLDPYEQWSDQEIWKVADEVGLRSVIEQFPGKLDFVLVDGGCVLSHGHKQLMCLARSVLSKAKILLLDEPSAHLDPVTYQIIRRTLKQAFADCTVILCEHRIEAMLECQQFLVIEENKVRQYDSIQKLLNERSLFRQAISPSDRVKLFPHRNSSKCKSKPQIAALKEETEEEVQDTRL*
chr7:117666997:C/T:1	chr7	117666997	C|T	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000647720	3utr	1782	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr7:117667115:G/A:1	chr7	117667115	G|A	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000600166	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	1551	None
chr7:117667115:G/A:1	chr7	117667115	G|A	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000647720	3utr	1900	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr7:117667115:G/A:1	chr7	117667115	G|A	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000426809	3downstream	None	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr7:117667115:G/A:1	chr7	117667115	G|A	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000003084	3utr	4582	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr7:117667115:G/A:1	chr7	117667115	G|A	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000649781	3downstream	None	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr7:117667127:A/T:1	chr7	117667127	A|T	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000600166	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	1563	None
chr7:117667127:A/T:1	chr7	117667127	A|T	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000647720	3utr	1912	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr7:117667127:A/T:1	chr7	117667127	A|T	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000426809	3downstream	None	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr7:117667127:A/T:1	chr7	117667127	A|T	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000003084	3utr	4594	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr7:117667127:A/T:1	chr7	117667127	A|T	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000649781	3downstream	None	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr7:117667158:C/A:1	chr7	117667158	C|A	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000600166	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	1594	None
chr7:117667158:C/A:1	chr7	117667158	C|A	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000647720	3utr	1943	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr7:117667158:C/A:1	chr7	117667158	C|A	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000426809	3downstream	None	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr7:117667158:C/A:1	chr7	117667158	C|A	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000003084	3utr	4625	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr7:117667158:C/A:1	chr7	117667158	C|A	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000649781	3downstream	None	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr7:117667177:G/T:1	chr7	117667177	G|T	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000600166	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	1613	None
chr7:117667177:G/T:1	chr7	117667177	G|T	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000647720	3utr	1962	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr7:117667177:G/T:1	chr7	117667177	G|T	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000426809	3downstream	None	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr7:117667177:G/T:1	chr7	117667177	G|T	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000003084	3utr	4644	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr7:117667177:G/T:1	chr7	117667177	G|T	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000649781	3downstream	None	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr7:117667205:C/A:1	chr7	117667205	C|A	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000600166	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	1641	None
chr7:117667205:C/A:1	chr7	117667205	C|A	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000647720	3utr	1990	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr7:117667205:C/A:1	chr7	117667205	C|A	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000426809	3downstream	None	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr7:117667205:C/A:1	chr7	117667205	C|A	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000003084	3utr	4672	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr7:117667205:C/A:1	chr7	117667205	C|A	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000649781	3downstream	None	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr7:117667234:T/TC:1	chr7	117667235	-|C	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000600166	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	1671	None
chr7:117667234:T/TC:1	chr7	117667235	-|C	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000647720	3utr	2020	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr7:117667234:T/TC:1	chr7	117667235	-|C	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000426809	3downstream	None	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr7:117667234:T/TC:1	chr7	117667235	-|C	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000003084	3utr	4702	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr7:117667234:T/TC:1	chr7	117667235	-|C	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000649781	3downstream	None	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr7:117667250:A/G:1	chr7	117667250	A|G	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000600166	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	1686	None
chr7:117667250:A/G:1	chr7	117667250	A|G	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000647720	3utr	2035	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr7:117667250:A/G:1	chr7	117667250	A|G	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000426809	3downstream	None	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr7:117667250:A/G:1	chr7	117667250	A|G	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000003084	3utr	4717	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr7:117667250:A/G:1	chr7	117667250	A|G	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000649781	3downstream	None	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr7:117667262:G/A:1	chr7	117667262	G|A	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000600166	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	1698	None
chr7:117667262:G/A:1	chr7	117667262	G|A	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000647720	3utr	2047	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr7:117667262:G/A:1	chr7	117667262	G|A	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000426809	3downstream	None	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr7:117667262:G/A:1	chr7	117667262	G|A	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000003084	3utr	4729	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr7:117667262:G/A:1	chr7	117667262	G|A	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000649781	3downstream	None	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr7:117667675:C/A:1	chr7	117667675	C|A	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000600166	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	2111	None
chr7:117667675:C/A:1	chr7	117667675	C|A	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000647720	3utr	2460	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr7:117667675:C/A:1	chr7	117667675	C|A	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000426809	3downstream	None	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr7:117667675:C/A:1	chr7	117667675	C|A	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000003084	3utr	5142	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr7:117667675:C/A:1	chr7	117667675	C|A	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000649781	3downstream	None	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr7:117667751:A/T:1	chr7	117667751	A|T	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000600166	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	2187	None
chr7:117667751:A/T:1	chr7	117667751	A|T	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000647720	3utr	2536	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr7:117667751:A/T:1	chr7	117667751	A|T	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000426809	3downstream	None	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr7:117667751:A/T:1	chr7	117667751	A|T	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000003084	3utr	5218	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr7:117667751:A/T:1	chr7	117667751	A|T	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000649781	3downstream	None	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr7:117668163:C/T:1	chr7	117668163	C|T	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000600166	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	2599	None
chr7:117668163:C/T:1	chr7	117668163	C|T	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000647720	3utr	2948	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr7:117668163:C/T:1	chr7	117668163	C|T	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000426809	3downstream	None	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr7:117668163:C/T:1	chr7	117668163	C|T	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000003084	3utr	5630	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr7:117668163:C/T:1	chr7	117668163	C|T	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000649781	3downstream	None	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr7:117668186:A/G:1	chr7	117668186	A|G	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000600166	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	2622	None
chr7:117668186:A/G:1	chr7	117668186	A|G	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000647720	3utr	2971	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr7:117668186:A/G:1	chr7	117668186	A|G	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000426809	3downstream	None	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr7:117668186:A/G:1	chr7	117668186	A|G	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000003084	3utr	5653	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr7:117668186:A/G:1	chr7	117668186	A|G	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000649781	3downstream	None	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr7:117668359:C/T:1	chr7	117668359	C|T	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000600166	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	2795	None
chr7:117668359:C/T:1	chr7	117668359	C|T	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000647720	3utr	3144	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr7:117668359:C/T:1	chr7	117668359	C|T	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000426809	3downstream	None	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr7:117668359:C/T:1	chr7	117668359	C|T	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000003084	3utr	5826	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr7:117668359:C/T:1	chr7	117668359	C|T	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000649781	3downstream	None	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr7:117668519:C/T:1	chr7	117668519	C|T	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000600166	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	2955	None
chr7:117668519:C/T:1	chr7	117668519	C|T	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000647720	3utr	3304	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr7:117668519:C/T:1	chr7	117668519	C|T	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000426809	3downstream	None	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr7:117668519:C/T:1	chr7	117668519	C|T	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000003084	3utr	5986	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr7:117668519:C/T:1	chr7	117668519	C|T	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000649781	3downstream	None	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr7:117668550:T/A:1	chr7	117668550	T|A	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000600166	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	2986	None
chr7:117668550:T/A:1	chr7	117668550	T|A	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000647720	3utr	3335	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr7:117668550:T/A:1	chr7	117668550	T|A	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000426809	3downstream	None	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr7:117668550:T/A:1	chr7	117668550	T|A	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000003084	3utr	6017	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr7:117668550:T/A:1	chr7	117668550	T|A	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000649781	3downstream	None	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr7:117710951:G/A:1	chr7	117710951	G|A	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000600166	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	4807	None
chr7:117710951:G/A:1	chr7	117710951	G|A	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000429014	non-coding intronic	None	None	None	None	None	4807	None
chr7:117710951:G/A:1	chr7	117710951	G|A	1	CTTNBP2	ENSG00000077063	ENST00000445366	3downstream	None	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr7:117710951:G/A:1	chr7	117710951	G|A	1	CTTNBP2	ENSG00000077063	ENST00000160373	3utr	5670	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr7:117710951:G/A:1	chr7	117710951	G|A	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000610149	non-coding intronic	None	None	None	None	None	250	None
chr7:117710951:G/A:1	chr7	117710951	G|A	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000608965	non-coding intronic	None	None	None	None	None	250	None
chr7:117710951:G/A:1	chr7	117710951	G|A	1	CTTNBP2	ENSG00000077063	ENST00000446636	3utr	4040	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr7:117710951:G/A:1	chr7	117710951	G|A	1	CTTNBP2	ENSG00000077063	ENST00000441556	3utr	5429	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr7:117710973:C/A:1	chr7	117710973	C|A	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000600166	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	4785	None
chr7:117710973:C/A:1	chr7	117710973	C|A	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000429014	non-coding intronic	None	None	None	None	None	4785	None
chr7:117710973:C/A:1	chr7	117710973	C|A	1	CTTNBP2	ENSG00000077063	ENST00000445366	3downstream	None	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr7:117710973:C/A:1	chr7	117710973	C|A	1	CTTNBP2	ENSG00000077063	ENST00000160373	3utr	5648	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr7:117710973:C/A:1	chr7	117710973	C|A	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000610149	non-coding intronic	None	None	None	None	None	272	None
chr7:117710973:C/A:1	chr7	117710973	C|A	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000608965	non-coding intronic	None	None	None	None	None	272	None
chr7:117710973:C/A:1	chr7	117710973	C|A	1	CTTNBP2	ENSG00000077063	ENST00000446636	3utr	4018	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr7:117710973:C/A:1	chr7	117710973	C|A	1	CTTNBP2	ENSG00000077063	ENST00000441556	3utr	5407	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr7:117711041:G/T:1	chr7	117711041	G|T	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000600166	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	4717	None
chr7:117711041:G/T:1	chr7	117711041	G|T	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000429014	non-coding intronic	None	None	None	None	None	4717	None
chr7:117711041:G/T:1	chr7	117711041	G|T	1	CTTNBP2	ENSG00000077063	ENST00000445366	3downstream	None	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr7:117711041:G/T:1	chr7	117711041	G|T	1	CTTNBP2	ENSG00000077063	ENST00000160373	3utr	5580	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr7:117711041:G/T:1	chr7	117711041	G|T	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000610149	non-coding intronic	None	None	None	None	None	340	None
chr7:117711041:G/T:1	chr7	117711041	G|T	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000608965	non-coding intronic	None	None	None	None	None	340	None
chr7:117711041:G/T:1	chr7	117711041	G|T	1	CTTNBP2	ENSG00000077063	ENST00000446636	3utr	3950	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr7:117711041:G/T:1	chr7	117711041	G|T	1	CTTNBP2	ENSG00000077063	ENST00000441556	3utr	5339	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr7:117711109:C/T:1	chr7	117711109	C|T	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000600166	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	4649	None
chr7:117711109:C/T:1	chr7	117711109	C|T	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000429014	non-coding intronic	None	None	None	None	None	4649	None
chr7:117711109:C/T:1	chr7	117711109	C|T	1	CTTNBP2	ENSG00000077063	ENST00000445366	3downstream	None	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr7:117711109:C/T:1	chr7	117711109	C|T	1	CTTNBP2	ENSG00000077063	ENST00000160373	3utr	5512	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr7:117711109:C/T:1	chr7	117711109	C|T	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000610149	non-coding intronic	None	None	None	None	None	408	None
chr7:117711109:C/T:1	chr7	117711109	C|T	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000608965	non-coding intronic	None	None	None	None	None	408	None
chr7:117711109:C/T:1	chr7	117711109	C|T	1	CTTNBP2	ENSG00000077063	ENST00000446636	3utr	3882	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr7:117711109:C/T:1	chr7	117711109	C|T	1	CTTNBP2	ENSG00000077063	ENST00000441556	3utr	5271	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr7:117711137:AC/A:1	chr7	117711138	C|-	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000600166	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	4620	None
chr7:117711137:AC/A:1	chr7	117711138	C|-	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000429014	non-coding intronic	None	None	None	None	None	4620	None
chr7:117711137:AC/A:1	chr7	117711138	C|-	1	CTTNBP2	ENSG00000077063	ENST00000445366	3downstream	None	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr7:117711137:AC/A:1	chr7	117711138	C|-	1	CTTNBP2	ENSG00000077063	ENST00000160373	3utr	5483	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr7:117711137:AC/A:1	chr7	117711138	C|-	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000610149	non-coding intronic	None	None	None	None	None	437	None
chr7:117711137:AC/A:1	chr7	117711138	C|-	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000608965	non-coding intronic	None	None	None	None	None	437	None
chr7:117711137:AC/A:1	chr7	117711138	C|-	1	CTTNBP2	ENSG00000077063	ENST00000446636	3utr	3853	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr7:117711137:AC/A:1	chr7	117711138	C|-	1	CTTNBP2	ENSG00000077063	ENST00000441556	3utr	5242	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr7:117711139:T/A:1	chr7	117711139	T|A	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000600166	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	4619	None
chr7:117711139:T/A:1	chr7	117711139	T|A	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000429014	non-coding intronic	None	None	None	None	None	4619	None
chr7:117711139:T/A:1	chr7	117711139	T|A	1	CTTNBP2	ENSG00000077063	ENST00000445366	3downstream	None	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr7:117711139:T/A:1	chr7	117711139	T|A	1	CTTNBP2	ENSG00000077063	ENST00000160373	3utr	5482	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr7:117711139:T/A:1	chr7	117711139	T|A	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000610149	non-coding intronic	None	None	None	None	None	438	None
chr7:117711139:T/A:1	chr7	117711139	T|A	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000608965	non-coding intronic	None	None	None	None	None	438	None
chr7:117711139:T/A:1	chr7	117711139	T|A	1	CTTNBP2	ENSG00000077063	ENST00000446636	3utr	3852	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr7:117711139:T/A:1	chr7	117711139	T|A	1	CTTNBP2	ENSG00000077063	ENST00000441556	3utr	5241	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr7:117711389:T/A:1	chr7	117711389	T|A	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000600166	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	4369	None
chr7:117711389:T/A:1	chr7	117711389	T|A	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000429014	non-coding intronic	None	None	None	None	None	4369	None
chr7:117711389:T/A:1	chr7	117711389	T|A	1	CTTNBP2	ENSG00000077063	ENST00000445366	3downstream	None	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr7:117711389:T/A:1	chr7	117711389	T|A	1	CTTNBP2	ENSG00000077063	ENST00000160373	3utr	5232	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr7:117711389:T/A:1	chr7	117711389	T|A	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000610149	non-coding intronic	None	None	None	None	None	688	None
chr7:117711389:T/A:1	chr7	117711389	T|A	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000608965	non-coding intronic	None	None	None	None	None	688	None
chr7:117711389:T/A:1	chr7	117711389	T|A	1	CTTNBP2	ENSG00000077063	ENST00000446636	3utr	3602	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr7:117711389:T/A:1	chr7	117711389	T|A	1	CTTNBP2	ENSG00000077063	ENST00000441556	3utr	4991	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr7:117711580:C/A:1	chr7	117711580	C|A	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000600166	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	4178	None
chr7:117711580:C/A:1	chr7	117711580	C|A	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000429014	non-coding intronic	None	None	None	None	None	4178	None
chr7:117711580:C/A:1	chr7	117711580	C|A	1	CTTNBP2	ENSG00000077063	ENST00000445366	3downstream	None	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr7:117711580:C/A:1	chr7	117711580	C|A	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000610149	non-coding intronic	None	None	None	None	None	761	None
chr7:117711580:C/A:1	chr7	117711580	C|A	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000608965	non-coding intronic	None	None	None	None	None	879	None
chr7:117711580:C/A:1	chr7	117711580	C|A	1	CTTNBP2	ENSG00000077063	ENST00000441556	3utr	4800	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr7:117711580:C/A:1	chr7	117711580	C|A	1	CTTNBP2	ENSG00000077063	ENST00000160373	coding	5041	4949	1650	W>L	nonsyn	None	MATDGASCEPDLSRAPEDAAGAAAEAAKKEFDVDTLSKSELRMLLSVMEGELEARDLVIEALRARRKEVFIQERYGRFNLNDPFLALQRDYEAGAGDKEKKPVCTNPLSILEAVMAHCKKMQERMSAQLAAAESRQKKLEMEKLQLQALEQEHKKLAARLEEERGKNKQVVLMLVKECKQLSGKVIEEAQKLEDVMAKLEEEKKKTNELEEELSAEKRRSTEMEAQMEKQLSEFDTEREQLRAKLNREEAHTTDLKEEIDKMRKMIEQLKRGSDSKPSLSLPRKTKDRRLVSISVGTEGTVTRSVACQTDLVTENADHMKKLPLTMPVKPSTGSPLVSANAKGSVCTSATMARPGIDRQASYGDLIGASVPAFPPPSANKIEENGPSTGSTPDPTSSTPPLPSNAAPPTAQTPGIAPQNSQAPPMHSLHSPCANTSLHPGLNPRIQAARFRFQGNANDPDQNGNTTQSPPSRDVSPTSRDNLVAKQLARNTVTQALSRFTSPQAGAPSRPGVPPTGDVGTHPPVGRTSLKTHGVARVDRGNPPPIPPKKPGLSQTPSPPHPQLKVIIDSSRASNTGAKVDNKTVASTPSSLPQGNRVINEENLPKSSSPQLPPKPSIDLTVAPAGCAVSALATSQVGAWPAATPGLNQPACSDSSLVIPTTIAFCSSINPVSASSCRPGASDSLLVTASGWSPSLTPLLMSGGPAPLAGRPTLLQQAAAQGNVTLLSMLLNEEGLDINYSCEDGHSALYSAAKNGHTDCVRLLLSAEAQVNAADKNGFTPLCAAAAQGHFECVELLISYDANINHAADGGQTPLYLACKNGNKECIKLLLEAGTNRSVKTTDGWTPVHAAVDTGNVDSLKLLMYHRIPAHGNSFNEEESESSVFDLDGGEESPEGISKPVVPADLINHANREGWTAAHIAASKGFKNCLEILCRHGGLEPERRDKCNRTVHDVATDDCKHLLENLNALKIPLRISVGEIEPSNYGSDDLECENTICALNIRKQTSWDDFSKAVSQALTNHFQAISSDGWWSLEDVTCNNTTDSNIGLSARSIRSITLGNVPWSVGQSFAQSPWDFMRKNKAEHITVLLSGPQEGCLSSVTYASMIPLQMMQNYLRLVEQYHNVIFHGPEGSLQDYIVHQLALCLKHRQMAAGFSCEIVRAEVDAGFSKEQLLDLFISSACLIPVKQSPSKKKIIIILENLEKSSLSELLRDFLAPLENRSTESPCTFQKGNGLSECYYFHENCFLMGTIAKACLQGSDLLVQQHFRWVQLRWDGEPMQGLLQRFLRRKVVNKFKGQAPSPCDPVCKIVDWALSVWRQLNSCLARLGTPEALLGPKYFLSCPVVPGHAQVTVKWMSKLWNGVIAPRVQEAILSRASVKRQPGFGQTTAKRHPSQGQQAVVKAALSILLNKAVLHGCPLPRAELDQHTADFKGGSFPLSIVSSYNTCNKKKGESGAWRKVNTSPRRKSGRFSLPTWNKPDLSTEGMKNKTISQLNCNRNASLSKQKSLENDLSLTLNLDQRLSLGSDDEADLVKELQSMCSSKSESDISKIADSRDDLRMFDSSGNNPVLSATINNLRMPVSQKEVSPLSSHQTTECSNSKSKTELGVSRVKSFLPVPRSKVTQCSQNTKRSSSSSNTRQIEINNNSKEVNWNLHKNEHLEKPNK*|MATDGASCEPDLSRAPEDAAGAAAEAAKKEFDVDTLSKSELRMLLSVMEGELEARDLVIEALRARRKEVFIQERYGRFNLNDPFLALQRDYEAGAGDKEKKPVCTNPLSILEAVMAHCKKMQERMSAQLAAAESRQKKLEMEKLQLQALEQEHKKLAARLEEERGKNKQVVLMLVKECKQLSGKVIEEAQKLEDVMAKLEEEKKKTNELEEELSAEKRRSTEMEAQMEKQLSEFDTEREQLRAKLNREEAHTTDLKEEIDKMRKMIEQLKRGSDSKPSLSLPRKTKDRRLVSISVGTEGTVTRSVACQTDLVTENADHMKKLPLTMPVKPSTGSPLVSANAKGSVCTSATMARPGIDRQASYGDLIGASVPAFPPPSANKIEENGPSTGSTPDPTSSTPPLPSNAAPPTAQTPGIAPQNSQAPPMHSLHSPCANTSLHPGLNPRIQAARFRFQGNANDPDQNGNTTQSPPSRDVSPTSRDNLVAKQLARNTVTQALSRFTSPQAGAPSRPGVPPTGDVGTHPPVGRTSLKTHGVARVDRGNPPPIPPKKPGLSQTPSPPHPQLKVIIDSSRASNTGAKVDNKTVASTPSSLPQGNRVINEENLPKSSSPQLPPKPSIDLTVAPAGCAVSALATSQVGAWPAATPGLNQPACSDSSLVIPTTIAFCSSINPVSASSCRPGASDSLLVTASGWSPSLTPLLMSGGPAPLAGRPTLLQQAAAQGNVTLLSMLLNEEGLDINYSCEDGHSALYSAAKNGHTDCVRLLLSAEAQVNAADKNGFTPLCAAAAQGHFECVELLISYDANINHAADGGQTPLYLACKNGNKECIKLLLEAGTNRSVKTTDGWTPVHAAVDTGNVDSLKLLMYHRIPAHGNSFNEEESESSVFDLDGGEESPEGISKPVVPADLINHANREGWTAAHIAASKGFKNCLEILCRHGGLEPERRDKCNRTVHDVATDDCKHLLENLNALKIPLRISVGEIEPSNYGSDDLECENTICALNIRKQTSWDDFSKAVSQALTNHFQAISSDGWWSLEDVTCNNTTDSNIGLSARSIRSITLGNVPWSVGQSFAQSPWDFMRKNKAEHITVLLSGPQEGCLSSVTYASMIPLQMMQNYLRLVEQYHNVIFHGPEGSLQDYIVHQLALCLKHRQMAAGFSCEIVRAEVDAGFSKEQLLDLFISSACLIPVKQSPSKKKIIIILENLEKSSLSELLRDFLAPLENRSTESPCTFQKGNGLSECYYFHENCFLMGTIAKACLQGSDLLVQQHFRWVQLRWDGEPMQGLLQRFLRRKVVNKFKGQAPSPCDPVCKIVDWALSVWRQLNSCLARLGTPEALLGPKYFLSCPVVPGHAQVTVKWMSKLWNGVIAPRVQEAILSRASVKRQPGFGQTTAKRHPSQGQQAVVKAALSILLNKAVLHGCPLPRAELDQHTADFKGGSFPLSIVSSYNTCNKKKGESGAWRKVNTSPRRKSGRFSLPTWNKPDLSTEGMKNKTISQLNCNRNASLSKQKSLENDLSLTLNLDQRLSLGSDDEADLVKELQSMCSSKSESDISKIADSRDDLRMFDSSGNNPVLSATINNLRMPVSQKEVSPLSSHQTTECSNSKSKTELGVSRVKSFLPVPRSKVTQCSQNTKRSSSSSNTRQIEINNNSKEVNLNLHKNEHLEKPNK*
chr7:117711580:C/A:1	chr7	117711580	C|A	1	CTTNBP2	ENSG00000077063	ENST00000446636	coding	3411	3413	1138	W>L	nonsyn	None	XDVSPTSRDNLVAKQLARNTVTQALSRFTSPQAGAPSRPGVPPTGDVGTHPPVGRTSLKTHGVARVDRGNPPPIPPKKPGLSQTPSPPHPQLKVIIDSSRASNTGAKVDNKTVASTPSSLPQGNRVINEENLPKSSSPQLPPKPSIDLTVAPAGCAVSALATSQKIQKVKCTREEPSCWSPSLTPLLMSGGPAPLAGRPTLLQQAAAQGNVTLLSMLLNEEGLDINYSCEDGHSALYSAAKNGHTDCVRLLLSAEAQVNAADKNGFTPLCAAAAQGHFECVELLISYDANINHAADGGQTPLYLACKNGNKECIKLLLEAGTNRSVKTTDGWTPVHAAVDTGNVDSLKLLMYHRIPAHGNSFNEEESESSVFDLDGGEESPEGISKPVVPADLINHANREGWTAAHIAASKGFKNCLEILCRHGGLEPERRDKCNRTVHDVATDDCKHLLENLNALKIPLRISVGEIEPSNYGSDDLECENTICALNIRKQTSWDDFSKAVSQALTNHFQAISSDGWWSLEDVTCNNTTDSNIGLSARSIRSITLGNVPWSVGQSFAQSPWDFMRKNKAEHITVLLSGPQEGCLSSVTYASMIPLQMMQNYLRLVEQYHNVIFHGPEGSLQDYIVHQLALCLKHRQMAAGFSCEIVRAEVDAGFSKEQLLDLFISSACLIPVKQSPSKKKIIIILENLEKSSLSELLRDFLAPLENRSTESPCTFQKGNGLSECYYFHENCFLMGTIAKACLQGSDLLVQQHFRWVQLRWDGEPMQGLLQRFLRRKVVNKFKGQAPSPCDPVCKIVDWALSVWRQLNSCLARLGTPEALLGPKYFLSCPVVPGHAQVTVKWMSKLWNGVIAPRVQEAILSRASVKRQPGFGQTTAKRHPSQGQQAVVKAALSILLNKAVLHGCPLPRAELDQHTADFKGGSFPLSIVSSYNTCNKKKGESGAWRKVNTSPRRKSGRFSLPTWNKPDLSTEGMKNKTISQLNCNRNASLSKQKSLENDLSLTLNLDQRLSLGSDDEADLVKELQSMCSSKSESDISKIADSRDDLRMFDSSGNNPVLSATINNLRMPVSQKEVSPLSSHQTTECSNSKSKTELGVSRVKSFLPVPRSKVTQCSQNTKRSSSSSNTRQIEINNNSKEVNWNLHKNEHLEKPNK*|XDVSPTSRDNLVAKQLARNTVTQALSRFTSPQAGAPSRPGVPPTGDVGTHPPVGRTSLKTHGVARVDRGNPPPIPPKKPGLSQTPSPPHPQLKVIIDSSRASNTGAKVDNKTVASTPSSLPQGNRVINEENLPKSSSPQLPPKPSIDLTVAPAGCAVSALATSQKIQKVKCTREEPSCWSPSLTPLLMSGGPAPLAGRPTLLQQAAAQGNVTLLSMLLNEEGLDINYSCEDGHSALYSAAKNGHTDCVRLLLSAEAQVNAADKNGFTPLCAAAAQGHFECVELLISYDANINHAADGGQTPLYLACKNGNKECIKLLLEAGTNRSVKTTDGWTPVHAAVDTGNVDSLKLLMYHRIPAHGNSFNEEESESSVFDLDGGEESPEGISKPVVPADLINHANREGWTAAHIAASKGFKNCLEILCRHGGLEPERRDKCNRTVHDVATDDCKHLLENLNALKIPLRISVGEIEPSNYGSDDLECENTICALNIRKQTSWDDFSKAVSQALTNHFQAISSDGWWSLEDVTCNNTTDSNIGLSARSIRSITLGNVPWSVGQSFAQSPWDFMRKNKAEHITVLLSGPQEGCLSSVTYASMIPLQMMQNYLRLVEQYHNVIFHGPEGSLQDYIVHQLALCLKHRQMAAGFSCEIVRAEVDAGFSKEQLLDLFISSACLIPVKQSPSKKKIIIILENLEKSSLSELLRDFLAPLENRSTESPCTFQKGNGLSECYYFHENCFLMGTIAKACLQGSDLLVQQHFRWVQLRWDGEPMQGLLQRFLRRKVVNKFKGQAPSPCDPVCKIVDWALSVWRQLNSCLARLGTPEALLGPKYFLSCPVVPGHAQVTVKWMSKLWNGVIAPRVQEAILSRASVKRQPGFGQTTAKRHPSQGQQAVVKAALSILLNKAVLHGCPLPRAELDQHTADFKGGSFPLSIVSSYNTCNKKKGESGAWRKVNTSPRRKSGRFSLPTWNKPDLSTEGMKNKTISQLNCNRNASLSKQKSLENDLSLTLNLDQRLSLGSDDEADLVKELQSMCSSKSESDISKIADSRDDLRMFDSSGNNPVLSATINNLRMPVSQKEVSPLSSHQTTECSNSKSKTELGVSRVKSFLPVPRSKVTQCSQNTKRSSSSSNTRQIEINNNSKEVNLNLHKNEHLEKPNK*
chr7:117711627:ACTG/A:1	chr7	117711628	CTG|-	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000600166	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	4130	None
chr7:117711627:ACTG/A:1	chr7	117711628	CTG|-	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000429014	non-coding intronic	None	None	None	None	None	4130	None
chr7:117711627:ACTG/A:1	chr7	117711628	CTG|-	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000610149	non-coding intronic	None	None	None	None	None	713	None
chr7:117711627:ACTG/A:1	chr7	117711628	CTG|-	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000608965	non-coding intronic	None	None	None	None	None	927	None
chr7:117711627:ACTG/A:1	chr7	117711628	CTG|-	1	CTTNBP2	ENSG00000077063	ENST00000441556	3utr	4750	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr7:117711627:ACTG/A:1	chr7	117711628	CTG|-	1	CTTNBP2	ENSG00000077063	ENST00000160373	coding	4991	4899	1633	SS>SN	pepshift	None	MATDGASCEPDLSRAPEDAAGAAAEAAKKEFDVDTLSKSELRMLLSVMEGELEARDLVIEALRARRKEVFIQERYGRFNLNDPFLALQRDYEAGAGDKEKKPVCTNPLSILEAVMAHCKKMQERMSAQLAAAESRQKKLEMEKLQLQALEQEHKKLAARLEEERGKNKQVVLMLVKECKQLSGKVIEEAQKLEDVMAKLEEEKKKTNELEEELSAEKRRSTEMEAQMEKQLSEFDTEREQLRAKLNREEAHTTDLKEEIDKMRKMIEQLKRGSDSKPSLSLPRKTKDRRLVSISVGTEGTVTRSVACQTDLVTENADHMKKLPLTMPVKPSTGSPLVSANAKGSVCTSATMARPGIDRQASYGDLIGASVPAFPPPSANKIEENGPSTGSTPDPTSSTPPLPSNAAPPTAQTPGIAPQNSQAPPMHSLHSPCANTSLHPGLNPRIQAARFRFQGNANDPDQNGNTTQSPPSRDVSPTSRDNLVAKQLARNTVTQALSRFTSPQAGAPSRPGVPPTGDVGTHPPVGRTSLKTHGVARVDRGNPPPIPPKKPGLSQTPSPPHPQLKVIIDSSRASNTGAKVDNKTVASTPSSLPQGNRVINEENLPKSSSPQLPPKPSIDLTVAPAGCAVSALATSQVGAWPAATPGLNQPACSDSSLVIPTTIAFCSSINPVSASSCRPGASDSLLVTASGWSPSLTPLLMSGGPAPLAGRPTLLQQAAAQGNVTLLSMLLNEEGLDINYSCEDGHSALYSAAKNGHTDCVRLLLSAEAQVNAADKNGFTPLCAAAAQGHFECVELLISYDANINHAADGGQTPLYLACKNGNKECIKLLLEAGTNRSVKTTDGWTPVHAAVDTGNVDSLKLLMYHRIPAHGNSFNEEESESSVFDLDGGEESPEGISKPVVPADLINHANREGWTAAHIAASKGFKNCLEILCRHGGLEPERRDKCNRTVHDVATDDCKHLLENLNALKIPLRISVGEIEPSNYGSDDLECENTICALNIRKQTSWDDFSKAVSQALTNHFQAISSDGWWSLEDVTCNNTTDSNIGLSARSIRSITLGNVPWSVGQSFAQSPWDFMRKNKAEHITVLLSGPQEGCLSSVTYASMIPLQMMQNYLRLVEQYHNVIFHGPEGSLQDYIVHQLALCLKHRQMAAGFSCEIVRAEVDAGFSKEQLLDLFISSACLIPVKQSPSKKKIIIILENLEKSSLSELLRDFLAPLENRSTESPCTFQKGNGLSECYYFHENCFLMGTIAKACLQGSDLLVQQHFRWVQLRWDGEPMQGLLQRFLRRKVVNKFKGQAPSPCDPVCKIVDWALSVWRQLNSCLARLGTPEALLGPKYFLSCPVVPGHAQVTVKWMSKLWNGVIAPRVQEAILSRASVKRQPGFGQTTAKRHPSQGQQAVVKAALSILLNKAVLHGCPLPRAELDQHTADFKGGSFPLSIVSSYNTCNKKKGESGAWRKVNTSPRRKSGRFSLPTWNKPDLSTEGMKNKTISQLNCNRNASLSKQKSLENDLSLTLNLDQRLSLGSDDEADLVKELQSMCSSKSESDISKIADSRDDLRMFDSSGNNPVLSATINNLRMPVSQKEVSPLSSHQTTECSNSKSKTELGVSRVKSFLPVPRSKVTQCSQNTKRSSSSSNTRQIEINNNSKEVNWNLHKNEHLEKPNK*|MATDGASCEPDLSRAPEDAAGAAAEAAKKEFDVDTLSKSELRMLLSVMEGELEARDLVIEALRARRKEVFIQERYGRFNLNDPFLALQRDYEAGAGDKEKKPVCTNPLSILEAVMAHCKKMQERMSAQLAAAESRQKKLEMEKLQLQALEQEHKKLAARLEEERGKNKQVVLMLVKECKQLSGKVIEEAQKLEDVMAKLEEEKKKTNELEEELSAEKRRSTEMEAQMEKQLSEFDTEREQLRAKLNREEAHTTDLKEEIDKMRKMIEQLKRGSDSKPSLSLPRKTKDRRLVSISVGTEGTVTRSVACQTDLVTENADHMKKLPLTMPVKPSTGSPLVSANAKGSVCTSATMARPGIDRQASYGDLIGASVPAFPPPSANKIEENGPSTGSTPDPTSSTPPLPSNAAPPTAQTPGIAPQNSQAPPMHSLHSPCANTSLHPGLNPRIQAARFRFQGNANDPDQNGNTTQSPPSRDVSPTSRDNLVAKQLARNTVTQALSRFTSPQAGAPSRPGVPPTGDVGTHPPVGRTSLKTHGVARVDRGNPPPIPPKKPGLSQTPSPPHPQLKVIIDSSRASNTGAKVDNKTVASTPSSLPQGNRVINEENLPKSSSPQLPPKPSIDLTVAPAGCAVSALATSQVGAWPAATPGLNQPACSDSSLVIPTTIAFCSSINPVSASSCRPGASDSLLVTASGWSPSLTPLLMSGGPAPLAGRPTLLQQAAAQGNVTLLSMLLNEEGLDINYSCEDGHSALYSAAKNGHTDCVRLLLSAEAQVNAADKNGFTPLCAAAAQGHFECVELLISYDANINHAADGGQTPLYLACKNGNKECIKLLLEAGTNRSVKTTDGWTPVHAAVDTGNVDSLKLLMYHRIPAHGNSFNEEESESSVFDLDGGEESPEGISKPVVPADLINHANREGWTAAHIAASKGFKNCLEILCRHGGLEPERRDKCNRTVHDVATDDCKHLLENLNALKIPLRISVGEIEPSNYGSDDLECENTICALNIRKQTSWDDFSKAVSQALTNHFQAISSDGWWSLEDVTCNNTTDSNIGLSARSIRSITLGNVPWSVGQSFAQSPWDFMRKNKAEHITVLLSGPQEGCLSSVTYASMIPLQMMQNYLRLVEQYHNVIFHGPEGSLQDYIVHQLALCLKHRQMAAGFSCEIVRAEVDAGFSKEQLLDLFISSACLIPVKQSPSKKKIIIILENLEKSSLSELLRDFLAPLENRSTESPCTFQKGNGLSECYYFHENCFLMGTIAKACLQGSDLLVQQHFRWVQLRWDGEPMQGLLQRFLRRKVVNKFKGQAPSPCDPVCKIVDWALSVWRQLNSCLARLGTPEALLGPKYFLSCPVVPGHAQVTVKWMSKLWNGVIAPRVQEAILSRASVKRQPGFGQTTAKRHPSQGQQAVVKAALSILLNKAVLHGCPLPRAELDQHTADFKGGSFPLSIVSSYNTCNKKKGESGAWRKVNTSPRRKSGRFSLPTWNKPDLSTEGMKNKTISQLNCNRNASLSKQKSLENDLSLTLNLDQRLSLGSDDEADLVKELQSMCSSKSESDISKIADSRDDLRMFDSSGNNPVLSATINNLRMPVSQKEVSPLSSHQTTECSNSKSKTELGVSRVKSFLPVPRSKVTQCSQNTKRSSSSNTRQIEINNNSKEVNWNLHKNEHLEKPNK*
chr7:117711627:ACTG/A:1	chr7	117711628	CTG|-	1	CTTNBP2	ENSG00000077063	ENST00000446636	coding	3361	3363	1121	SS>SN	pepshift	None	XDVSPTSRDNLVAKQLARNTVTQALSRFTSPQAGAPSRPGVPPTGDVGTHPPVGRTSLKTHGVARVDRGNPPPIPPKKPGLSQTPSPPHPQLKVIIDSSRASNTGAKVDNKTVASTPSSLPQGNRVINEENLPKSSSPQLPPKPSIDLTVAPAGCAVSALATSQKIQKVKCTREEPSCWSPSLTPLLMSGGPAPLAGRPTLLQQAAAQGNVTLLSMLLNEEGLDINYSCEDGHSALYSAAKNGHTDCVRLLLSAEAQVNAADKNGFTPLCAAAAQGHFECVELLISYDANINHAADGGQTPLYLACKNGNKECIKLLLEAGTNRSVKTTDGWTPVHAAVDTGNVDSLKLLMYHRIPAHGNSFNEEESESSVFDLDGGEESPEGISKPVVPADLINHANREGWTAAHIAASKGFKNCLEILCRHGGLEPERRDKCNRTVHDVATDDCKHLLENLNALKIPLRISVGEIEPSNYGSDDLECENTICALNIRKQTSWDDFSKAVSQALTNHFQAISSDGWWSLEDVTCNNTTDSNIGLSARSIRSITLGNVPWSVGQSFAQSPWDFMRKNKAEHITVLLSGPQEGCLSSVTYASMIPLQMMQNYLRLVEQYHNVIFHGPEGSLQDYIVHQLALCLKHRQMAAGFSCEIVRAEVDAGFSKEQLLDLFISSACLIPVKQSPSKKKIIIILENLEKSSLSELLRDFLAPLENRSTESPCTFQKGNGLSECYYFHENCFLMGTIAKACLQGSDLLVQQHFRWVQLRWDGEPMQGLLQRFLRRKVVNKFKGQAPSPCDPVCKIVDWALSVWRQLNSCLARLGTPEALLGPKYFLSCPVVPGHAQVTVKWMSKLWNGVIAPRVQEAILSRASVKRQPGFGQTTAKRHPSQGQQAVVKAALSILLNKAVLHGCPLPRAELDQHTADFKGGSFPLSIVSSYNTCNKKKGESGAWRKVNTSPRRKSGRFSLPTWNKPDLSTEGMKNKTISQLNCNRNASLSKQKSLENDLSLTLNLDQRLSLGSDDEADLVKELQSMCSSKSESDISKIADSRDDLRMFDSSGNNPVLSATINNLRMPVSQKEVSPLSSHQTTECSNSKSKTELGVSRVKSFLPVPRSKVTQCSQNTKRSSSSSNTRQIEINNNSKEVNWNLHKNEHLEKPNK*|XDVSPTSRDNLVAKQLARNTVTQALSRFTSPQAGAPSRPGVPPTGDVGTHPPVGRTSLKTHGVARVDRGNPPPIPPKKPGLSQTPSPPHPQLKVIIDSSRASNTGAKVDNKTVASTPSSLPQGNRVINEENLPKSSSPQLPPKPSIDLTVAPAGCAVSALATSQKIQKVKCTREEPSCWSPSLTPLLMSGGPAPLAGRPTLLQQAAAQGNVTLLSMLLNEEGLDINYSCEDGHSALYSAAKNGHTDCVRLLLSAEAQVNAADKNGFTPLCAAAAQGHFECVELLISYDANINHAADGGQTPLYLACKNGNKECIKLLLEAGTNRSVKTTDGWTPVHAAVDTGNVDSLKLLMYHRIPAHGNSFNEEESESSVFDLDGGEESPEGISKPVVPADLINHANREGWTAAHIAASKGFKNCLEILCRHGGLEPERRDKCNRTVHDVATDDCKHLLENLNALKIPLRISVGEIEPSNYGSDDLECENTICALNIRKQTSWDDFSKAVSQALTNHFQAISSDGWWSLEDVTCNNTTDSNIGLSARSIRSITLGNVPWSVGQSFAQSPWDFMRKNKAEHITVLLSGPQEGCLSSVTYASMIPLQMMQNYLRLVEQYHNVIFHGPEGSLQDYIVHQLALCLKHRQMAAGFSCEIVRAEVDAGFSKEQLLDLFISSACLIPVKQSPSKKKIIIILENLEKSSLSELLRDFLAPLENRSTESPCTFQKGNGLSECYYFHENCFLMGTIAKACLQGSDLLVQQHFRWVQLRWDGEPMQGLLQRFLRRKVVNKFKGQAPSPCDPVCKIVDWALSVWRQLNSCLARLGTPEALLGPKYFLSCPVVPGHAQVTVKWMSKLWNGVIAPRVQEAILSRASVKRQPGFGQTTAKRHPSQGQQAVVKAALSILLNKAVLHGCPLPRAELDQHTADFKGGSFPLSIVSSYNTCNKKKGESGAWRKVNTSPRRKSGRFSLPTWNKPDLSTEGMKNKTISQLNCNRNASLSKQKSLENDLSLTLNLDQRLSLGSDDEADLVKELQSMCSSKSESDISKIADSRDDLRMFDSSGNNPVLSATINNLRMPVSQKEVSPLSSHQTTECSNSKSKTELGVSRVKSFLPVPRSKVTQCSQNTKRSSSSNTRQIEINNNSKEVNWNLHKNEHLEKPNK*
chr7:117711627:ACTG/A:1	chr7	117711628	CTG|-	1	CTTNBP2	ENSG00000077063	ENST00000445366	3utr	758	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr7:117711786:TA/T:1	chr7	117711787	A|-	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000600166	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	3971	None
chr7:117711786:TA/T:1	chr7	117711787	A|-	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000429014	non-coding intronic	None	None	None	None	None	3971	None
chr7:117711786:TA/T:1	chr7	117711787	A|-	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000610149	non-coding intronic	None	None	None	None	None	554	None
chr7:117711786:TA/T:1	chr7	117711787	A|-	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000608965	non-coding intronic	None	None	None	None	None	1086	None
chr7:117711786:TA/T:1	chr7	117711787	A|-	1	CFTR	ENSG00000001626	ENST00000621535	5upstream	None	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr7:117711786:TA/T:1	chr7	117711787	A|-	1	CTTNBP2	ENSG00000077063	ENST00000160373	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	5	None
chr7:117711786:TA/T:1	chr7	117711787	A|-	1	CTTNBP2	ENSG00000077063	ENST00000441556	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	5	None
chr7:117711786:TA/T:1	chr7	117711787	A|-	1	CTTNBP2	ENSG00000077063	ENST00000445366	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	5	None
chr7:117711786:TA/T:1	chr7	117711787	A|-	1	CTTNBP2	ENSG00000077063	ENST00000446636	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	5	None